






































Microsoft Word - Ccore Whitepaper


Whitepaper 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Ccore 
 
 
 
 
 

July 2017 - March 2018  



1. Concept and peculiarities of Ccore  

1.1. What is Ccore?  
1.2. Structure of Ccore  
1.3. How does Ccore work?  

2. What problem can solve Ccore?  

2.1. What problems are there?  
2.2. How can we solve such problems?  

3. Ccore tokens (CCO)  

4. Roadmap  

Introduction 
 
A lot of time has passed, since creation of the first Bitcoin cryptocurrency. Crypto-
financial enthusiasts have done a great job, created many important projects, which led 
to growth of crypto-currencies popularity around the world. 
 
Number of interested people sharply increased, which was proved by growing plurality 
of online wallets by several million only in 2016. The equivalent value of many 
cryptocurrencies, the total capitalization of all electronic cash exceeded the record of 
100 billion US dollars. 
 
But with all these positive dynamics there are a several unsolved problems. The main 
problem is: business does not perceive the crypto currency as type of payment for 
goods and services due to high exchange volatility of prices for it. 
 
Our team develop a platform, where high volatility of prices for cryptocurrencies will 
not be a problem. 
 
For this purpose, we created a smart contract based on Ethereum platform and 
produced 10 million Ccoin tokens. Ccoin tokens is a digital currency which you will be 
able to pay for goods or services in online stores. 
 
 
1. CONCEPT AND PECULIARITIES OF CCORE  
 
1.1What is Ccore?  
 
Ccore is a Crypto Payment Platform.  



 
It allows people who have cryptocoins/altcoins to spend them on various fiat based 
online services and stores without losing value on the exchange.  
 
The owners of online-stores will be able to accept cryptocurrency for payment, without 
losing part of their profit due to variation of crypto rate.  
 
Until now, most crypto currency holders perceive it as an instrument of speculative 
actions on exchanges. 
 
Large players with large assets can create profitable situations for themselves on the 
market to make profit at the expense of small market players. 
 
In these conditions, the decentralized currency loses its economic meaning. 
 
The Ccore platform takes advantage of the decentralized currency, offering advantages 
of working conditions to both merchants and consumers, thereby increasing 
cryptocurrency circulation in business. 
 
We can change the perception of the very essence of the cryptocurrency from the 
instrument of speculation to a full-grade currency, which can be paid both for buying 
the cell phone in the online store and a cup of coffee at the restaurant. 
 
  



1.2 Structure of Ccore 
 
Ccore includes three modules: 
 
Ccore Exchange is a cryptocurrency exchange where you can change cryptocurrencies 
between themselves and fiat money. 
 
Ccore Wallet is a multicurrency wallet, where users of Ccore keep personal money. 
 
Ccore Pay is a complete payment system that allows corporate clients to sell goods and 
services for cryptocurrencies by integrating Ccore Pay into the online store website. 
 
1.3 How does Ccore work? 
 
Ccore and market participants’ relations: 
 
Merchant 
 
The merchant integrates the Ccore Pay system into his online store. Ccore Pay 
calculates the value of the goods for the seller's chosen crypto currency (Ccoin tokens, 
BTC, ETH, etc.) at the current exchange rate on Ccore Exchange. 
 
When consumer makes a cryptopayment, Ccore Pay sends it to Ccore Exchange for 
automatic exchange of cryptocurrency on fiat money. 
 
Then received fiat money come up to the merchant’s Ccore Wallet account. 
 
The merchant receives a profit that does not depend on the volatility of the 
cryptocurrency rate. 
 
Buyer 
 
Ccore offers profitable working conditions to both merchants and buyers.  
 
When you pay for goods or services with a cryptocurrency, the consumer does not pay 
any commission for transactions if he has Ccore Wallet account. 
 
Also, you do not have to wait for the transaction confirmation, because the transfer 
occurs between the Ccore Wallet accounts. 
 
  



2. What problem does Ccore solve? 
 
2.1. What are the problems? 
 
The main problem is that the crypto-currencies can not be equated to fiat money. In 
order to clarify this problem, let us consider the main functions of money: 
 
• Circulation 
• Accumulation 
• Measure of value 
 
Unfortunately, crypto-currencies do not have all of the above functions. High volatility 
in the price of crypto currency does not allow to ensure their stable value. 
 
This is the main reason for the refusal of entrepreneurs to accept crypto-currencies to 
pay for goods and services. 
 
2.2. How can we solve these problems? 
 
Our goal is creating comfortable working conditions with cryptocurrency for all market 
participants, where high volatility of the price of crypto currency is no longer a problem. 
 
Our team develops the Ccore platform to solve existing problems. 
 
Point 1.3 detaily describes the relationship between Ccore and the corporate client, 
where with the help of the Ccore Pay extension, working with crypto-currencies can be 
perceived in business as a source of additional income. 
 
This will lead to cryptocurrency popularity increase in the business environment. As a 
result, the cryptomoney will acquire the "measure of value" function and become full-
grade competitors for fiat money. 
 
  



3. Ccore Token (CCO) 
 
The Ccore platform was developed to offer merchants and consumers comfortable working conditions with 
cryptocurrencies, where high volatility of cryptocurrencies rate will not be a problem. 
 
To achieve it, we created an Ethereum based "smart contract" and released 10 million Ccore tokens. 
 
Ccore tokens is a digital currency which you can pay for goods or services in online stores, as well as get a 50% 
discount on commission when trading on the Ccore Exchange. 
 

Ccore Token Details 
 

Ticker - CCO 
 
Total CCO Supply - 10 000 000 CCO 
 
CCORE Tokens Sold In The Public Sale - 1 000 000 CCO (Available for trading) 
 
CCORE Tokens bought by Investment Fund - 4 000 000 CCO (250 000 CCO tokens will be released to them in 
every quarter of the year for 4 years. Starting from March 2018) 
 
CCORE Tokens allocated for Bounty - 200 000 CCO (Available for trading) 
 
CCORE Tokens allocated for CCORE Team - 2 000 000 CCO (Subjected to a vesting period of 2 years) 
 
CCORE Tokens allocated for Project Development - 2 800 000 CCO (Subjected to a vesting period of 2 years) 
 

  
Add Ccore Token in Wallet 

 
 Address - 0x679BADc551626e01B23CeecEFBc9B877EA18fc46 
 Token Symbol - CCO 
 Decimals - 18 

 
How to see Ccore Token in MyEtherWallet 
 
 
  



4. Roadmap 
 
December 2017 
• Beginning of the platform development 
• Inclusion of Ccoin tokens into crypto exchanges 
 
1 Quarter 2018 
• Official launch of Ccore Exchange 
• Start trading on Ccore Exchange 
 
2 Quarter 2018 
• Development of Ccore Wallet applications for iOS and Android 
• The official launch of Ccore Wallet 
 
3 Quarter 2018 
• Official launch of Ccore Pay 
• Connecting the first online stores to Ccore 
 


