









































WHITEPAPER

Clinicoin is an open source wellness platform that rewards 
users for engaging in healthy activities. 

Leveraged by a blockchain-based ecosystem, the platform is 
designed to connect people, developers, and providers, 

worldwide, improving global health and wellness.

Blockchain powered global wellness



NOTICE: This is not a prospectus for investment.

This document does not constitute or imply a prospectus of any sort. No 
wording contained herein should be construed as a solicitation for investment. 
This whitepaper contains a technical description of the functionalities of the 
Clinicoin Project as well as the creation and issuance of Clinicoin (CLIN) 
tokens by Mosio.

Clinicoins are functional utility tokens providing access to platform functions, 
premium content, incentives, and rewards system within the Clinicoin platform. 
Clinicoins are not securities, nor do they imply or promise equity, ownership in, 
or profit sharing with any part of the Company. Clinicoins are non-refundable, 
are not for speculative investment, and they include no promise of future value 
or performance, on their own, or as a metric of Company success. 

Clinicoin is intended for patients, providers, organizations, and developers in 
the health, research, and life sciences fields.



INDEX

Description Page
Index 3-4

Introduction 5-8
Mission 5
Vision 6
Wellness + Healthcare + Research           7
Health Rewards, Evolved 8

The Patient Engagement Problem 9

The Mobile Health App Problem 10

The Solution 11

Technology 12-32
Patient Engagement Protocol 12

Messages, Decentralized Paths 12
Clinicoin Community Members 13
ClinApps 14-15

How ClinApps Benefit Developers and Providers 15
Secure Messenger 16-18
Rewards Engine 20-22

Engagement Activities 21
Token Distribution Events (TDEs) 22

Proof of Engagement (PoE) and Validators 23 
Proof of Engagement Process 24-25

Marketplace 26-27
Decentralized and Open Marketplace 26 
External Marketplaces 27

Architecture Overview 28
End to End Encryption (E2EE) Messenger 29
Transaction Processing System (TPS) 30
Automatic Smart Contract System (RCP) 31-32

Benefits 33-34

Use Cases 35



Description Page
The Clinicoin Token (CLIN) 36-37

ERC20, Circulation, Immediate Use  36
Token Usage 37

Token Sale 38-40
Public Sale Dates, Bonus, Circulation, Distribution 38-39
Vesting and Use of Funds 40

Roadmap 41-45
Milestone 1 (Messenger) 41-42
Milestone 2 (Rewards Engine) 43
Milestone 3  (Proof of Engagement) 44
Milestone 4 (Marketplace) 45

Executive Summary 46-47

The Team 48-49

Advisory Board 50

Join Us 51



Non-communicable (chronic) diseases 
account for 70% of all global deaths.

- World Health Organization

Mission
Clinicoin's mission is to connect people, providers, researchers, and 
developers in delivering on the true potential of health technologies, 
worldwide.

We believe collaboration, not competition, will be the driving force behind 
the success of global health and wellness. 

Utilizing mobile technologies, human social interactions, and the 
blockchain, Clinicoin seeks to empower people in their health and 
wellness, while providing organizations with simple, affordable, and 
innovative tools to achieve desired health outcomes in the digital age. 

The healthcare industry is in a communications paradigm shift. People 
have more access to information than ever before. They’re mobile-ready 
and using technology to track and manage their health. Even so, they 
make poor or uninformed choices regarding their health and wellness. 
Up to half of all premature deaths (before age 80) in the U.S. are due to 
behavioral and other preventable factors.*  

Combining wellness, healthcare, research, mobile software, and the 
blockchain, powerful, yet simple programs can be designed to improve 
and extend the lives of millions of people.

We hope you'll join us by participating in this project to advance 
communications and drive global innovations in health and wellness.

Introduction

5	  *h$p://www.prb.org/Publica4ons/Ar4cles/2015/us-­‐premature-­‐deaths.aspx	  
h$p://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs355/en/	  



Introduction
Vision
Regardless of what the mobile phone of the future looks like, messaging 
and applications will be there. Efficient and effective mobile 
communications, whether automated, algorithm-based, or through live 
interactions, will continue to be the cornerstone of engagement in 
healthcare, wellness, and clinical research. 

For the past seven years, Mosio has helped healthcare organizations 
and research teams communicate more efficiently with their patients, 
patrons, and study participants using the most popular channel on 
mobile phones: Text Messaging. 

During this time, we have designed and deployed innovative solutions to 
improve engagement and have identified shortcomings in the mobile 
health field. We've observed users, interested in using new mobile 
technologies to manage their health, met with a complexity of choices, 
unsure of which apps are best suited for them. 

Collaborative, Social, and Fun
We've also seen, first hand, that improving health engagement does not 
need to be time consuming or expensive. Finally, we've discovered that 
people can be empowered in their health, wellness, and have fun in the 
process. 

Clinicoin’s secure, open source mobile platform leverages mobile 
messaging, APIs, smart contracts, and a rewards-based ecosystem to 
incentivize and reward people, providers, and developers for their 
participation. 

We believe it’s time for a “super app” in health and wellness, one that 
starts with the user, provides much needed solutions, and inspires 
industry innovation. It should be readily available to users, developers, 
practitioners, and researchers all over the world, providing them with a 
simple an inexpensive way to bring solutions to those who need them.

These are the reasons we created the Clinicoin project. 

6	  



Introduction
Where wellness meets the healthcare industry
No one wakes up and thinks “I can’t wait to be an engaged patient, 
today,” but the reality is that even an avid marathon runner is considered 
“non-adherent” by their doctor if they don’t follow orders to rest and 
properly care for themselves after an injury. 

Clinicoin is the digital intersection between wellness, healthcare, 
and research, providing a global opportunity for lasting change.

Starting with a wellness community rewarded for being proactive in their 
own physical and mental health, we are able to connect the necessary 
tools to help people manage their lives while they are at their peak 
performance, or need assistance after getting sick.

Much more than a “health coin”
One of the most exciting functions of the Clinicoin platform to users is the 
ability to earn cryptocurrency rewards for participating in healthy 
activities, and the platform offers a number of ways for community 
members to do this. However, if it stopped there, it would be missing 
large pieces of solutions to expensive and unfortunate problems, many 
of which are preventable.

In this white paper, we will cover the usefulness of the Clinicoin platform 
to users, while providing details as to how it also serves to the healthcare 
and research industry. In our opinion, a any large-scale project needs to 
cater to both people and providers to have a large impact with lasting 
success.

7	  

Wellness	  

Research	  Healthcare	  



Old Methods
The idea of earning rewards for exercising or losing weight is not new, 
but the offerings to date involve selling user data, depending on brands 
to provide products in exchange for advertising, or zero sum wagers 
where one side gains in wellness and the other side loses money.

A Novel Approach
To ensure the long term success of a global project, the old and existing 
methods for rewards are not scalable or sustainable. 

A global solution should have the following elements:
1.  Open source
2.  Decentralization
3.  The blockchain
4.  A fungible digital currency
5.  Networks (both computerized and human)
6.  Multiple industry player types 
7.  An active ecosystem

Healthcare Industry Applications
The success of using incentives and rewards to encourage healthy 
behaviors has been proven. Users will change their behaviors for 
rewards. Clinicoin brings several novel approaches to the proven model 
of incentives-based behavioral changes, then we look next to industry 
challenges.

We know from our experience solving problems in the healthcare and 
research industries that low engagement between people and their 
providers not only increases the risk of hospitalizations and 
readmissions, it also creates expensive and unnecessary costs to the 
healthcare system.
 
Expensive and Preventable Problems
We will not use this whitepaper to cover every challenge low 
engagement creates, but next two pages cover two industry problems 
resulting in over $428 billion in annual healthcare costs in the U.S. alone:
1.  Low Engagement
2.  Mobile Health App Overload

Health Rewards, Evolved

8	  



Keeping people engaged is one of the costliest challenges in 
healthcare and research today. 

Properly communicating with and ensuring people follow protocols to 
improve their health is a problem resulting in increased hospitalizations, 

healthcare expenditures, and new drug development costs.

Engagement Problems

$150B 
Annual cost of 

missed 
appointments 

each year1	  
	  

30% 
Average number 

of participants 
who drop out of a 

study after 
enrollment.4	  

$278B 
Healthcare costs 

associated with 
medication non-

adherence2	  

80% 
Number of clinical 

trials that don’t 
meet their 

recruitment 
deadlines.3	  

Healthcare	  

Research	  

Pharmaceutical companies lose $600,000 - $8,000,000 
per day when a clinical trial is delayed due to 

recruitment problems.

9	  
1	  h$ps://www.healthmg$ech.com/missed-­‐appointments-­‐cost-­‐u.s.healthcare-­‐system-­‐150b-­‐year	  
2	  h$ps://mhealthintelligence.com/features/the-­‐evolving-­‐role-­‐of-­‐mhealth-­‐in-­‐medica4on-­‐management-­‐and-­‐adherence	  
3	  h$ps://www.centerwatch.com/news-­‐online/2017/07/24/a$rac4veness-­‐conduc4ng-­‐clinical-­‐trials-­‐outside-­‐u-­‐s	  
4	  h$ps://forteresearch.com/news/infographic-­‐reten4on-­‐in-­‐clinical-­‐trials-­‐keeping-­‐pa4ents-­‐on-­‐protocols/	  



The Mobile Health App Problem

Clinicoin leverages the power of mobile phones to 
improve the health experience with a cost-effective, 

innovation-friendly platform. 

Other healthcare organizations 
(hospitals, pharmacies, 

researchers, etc.) are asking 
people to download their mobile 

apps as well.

Number of doctors the 
average person has during 
their lives. At 65 years, the 
number increases to 28.4.5

18.7	  

To communicate securely via a 
mobile messaging with 

providers, we must download, 
learn, and use a mobile app. 

More providers and 
organizations means more 

apps.

App	  
App	  App	  

App	  

are listed in the app stores. Many 
of them cannot be verified as safe 
or secure.6

Nearly 300,000 health apps 	  

Many technology providers are attempting to solve engagement 
challenges and there is user interest, but this has created a new 

problem: MOBILE HEALTH APP OVERLOAD

Mobile apps are costly to build and manage ($50k-$250k), created for an 
audience increasingly overwhelmed by choices.

10	  5	  h$ps://www.prac4cefusion.com/pages/pr/survey-­‐pa4ents-­‐see-­‐over-­‐18-­‐different-­‐doctors-­‐on-­‐average.html	  
6	  h$ps://research2guidance.com/mhealth-­‐app-­‐market-­‐geLng-­‐crowded-­‐259000-­‐mhealth-­‐apps-­‐now/	  
	  



The Solution
An open source, blockchain-leveraged health and wellness platform.

1. Clinicoin Protocol 
The protocol powers the Clinicoin platform, enabling users, developers, and 
providers to interact securely in an engagement-driven rewards ecosystem. 
It is made up of four core functions that tie into the Ethereum blockchain. 
The open source protocol enables developers to create apps (“ClinApps”) 
and to include third party interfaces inside the Clinicoin app container.

2. Secure Messaging
The messenger uses end-to-end encryption, enabling users to interact with 
each other, organizations, researchers, and digital tools securely (HIPAA 
compliant). Rather than downloading a new app for each provider, health, 
or research organization they want to communicate with, users simply add 
them as a contact inside the Clinicoin address book.

3. Rewards Engine
The Rewards Engine enables the distribution of Clinicoin (CLIN) tokens 
among community members. They can be used for completing healthy 
tasks, to incentivize adherence, or for participating in medical research. The 
Rewards Engine integrates with third party apps through ClinApps, so users 
can earn tokens interacting with software applications outside of the 
Clinicoin platform.
 
4. Proof of Engagement (PoE) and Validators 
Proof of Engagement (PoE) is the confirmation of healthy activities 
connected to the Clinicoin platform by one of two different types of third 
parties called Validators (health app developers and activity leaders). CLIN 
token rewards are distributed based on a PoE algorithm to users from the 
community rewards pool, which will be 600 million CLIN at genesis.

5. Health and Wellness Marketplace
The marketplace is where Clinicoin members spend their CLIN tokens for 
access to tools, content, products, and services. Starting out as centralized 
to ensure stability and scalability, it will move towards decentralization, 
where vendors and even additional marketplaces can exist as part of the 
network.



1. The Clinicoin Platform
The Clinicoin platform enables secure communications, rapid app 
development, and rewards delivery in a health, wellness, and research 
environment serving users, providers, and developers within the 
community. 

Open Source, Collaboration Friendly
The platform is made up of four key functions that make it useful to all 
members of the Clinicoin community as well as the healthcare and 
research industries: 

•  Secure Messaging
•  Rewards Engine
•  Proof of Engagement (PoE) and Validators
•  Marketplace

Each of these functions provides an affordable, simple platform for the 
development of global health and research innovations.

Community Members
The Clinicoin platform has been designed to reward all members for their 
participation and involvement in the community. Through varying 
functional qualities, each community member can contribute in a way 
that best suits their experiences and goals, collectively creating a thriving 
ecosystem.

ClinApps
ClinApps are the driving force behind what makes integration into the 
Clinicoin platform possible. Through APIs, ClinApps encourage outside 
developers of health and research software applications to build into the 
channel, offering secure and compliant (HIPAA, 21 CFR 11) access to 
users. ClinApps can leverage the Rewards Engine to distribute CLIN 
tokens to users.

Technology

12	  



1.1 Clinicoin Community Members
The Clinicoin project is dependent on the contributions and participation 
of community members for its success. Following the lead of successful 
communities in crypto and on the web, Clinicoin is poised to create a fun 
and helpful environment where members worldwide can enjoy being 
empowered in their health and wellness.

Clinicoin solves multiple challenges in healthcare communications and 
engagement by providing an open source mobile platform to three 
different player types in the community interacting with each other to 
accomplish goals.

The system was designed to be useful to technical and non-technical 
users of the system: 
 
A) Technical User Example: A developer wants to integrate an outside 
application within the system. She or he can use tools in the Clinicoin 
SDK and Clinicoin APIs to create engaging messaging and app 
functions, leveraging the Clinicoin platform. The Developer can earn 
CLIN tokens by licensing her or his ClinApps or being a Validator.  
 
B) Non-Technical User Example: A researcher wants to incentivize and 
reward study participants for attending appointments and check-ins. 
They can acquire and distribute CLIN Tokens upon completion of those 
desired actions with no programming skills. 

There are three Clinicoin community member types:

Technology

Users	  

Providers	  Developers	  

- Users 
(people) 

- Developers  
(programmers, software engineers)

- Providers  
(healthcare orgs, researchers, companies)

13	  



Technology
Users want easy access to meaningful health information, support, and 
tools. Clinicoin offers access to all of those things in a single app, then 
takes it one step further. By employing PoE and the Rewards Engine, it 
gives them the opportunity to gamify and incentivize their behaviors, 
providing them with a way to make health and wellness fun. Users 
download the Clinicoin app, then communicate, interact, log healthy 
activities, or sign on as a Validator to earn CLIN tokens.
User Explainer Video: https://clnc.io/clinexpusers

Developers want an easy way to develop, deploy, and be compensated 
for their software applications. Clinicoin offers a platform to create and 
sell apps and tools, or earn CLIN tokens as Validators through any 
existing health applications they have.
Developer Explainer Video: https://clnc.io/clinexpdev

Providers want an easy and secure way to communicate with users, 
remind and alert them, and keep them engaged and compliant in their 
protocols. Clinicoin facilitates these efficient communications and gives 
them a way to reward users with tokens through Token Distribution 
Events (TDEs).
Provider Explainer Video: https://clnc.io/clinexpprov

1.2 ClinApps
The Clinicoin platform enables the development of tools and secure 
connections into the system called ClinApps. They run on the platform 
and access software and systems outside, leveraging the protocol and 
platform for user access.

How ClinApps Work
ClinApps are software components connected to the Clinicoin platform. 
They can live and operate on their own within the components in the 
platform itself, or connect to outside software and systems, leveraging 
Clinicoin to augment their existing solutions. 

Two ClinApp Types
On Platform - Those that are coded, deployed, and “live” solely on the 
Clinicoin platform. 
Hybrid - Those that access outside systems, but utilize the Clinicoin 
interface/wrapper to run their functions on top of the platform. 14	  



How ClinApps Benefit Developers and Providers
Building and managing mobile apps is expensive and resource-intensive. 
We have NIH-funded clients who have innovative ideas requiring a 
mobile app to fulfill their vision, but lack the funding to build a prototype 
for a pilot. It is our intention to offer the Clinicoin platform as an 
alternative for the need to create a mobile app. Health innovators will be 
able to utilize Clinicoin inexpensively for their pilot programs, then rollout, 
rather than rebuild, the existing solution, to a larger population. The end 
result is cost savings and rapid deployment of useful health technologies.

Clinicoin also provides a secure mobile messaging channel to extend the 
reach of existing software applications. Text messaging is a great way to 
reach the most people because of its ubiquity, available on 95% of 
mobile phones. However, because it is not encrypted, there are 
limitations to its usefulness in healthcare and research. Clinicoin was 
created with the goal of providing a secure channel for messaging used 
by the most number of users, while enabling a host of capabilities not 
available on SMS.

ClinApps connect users securely to external applications.

Technology

User	   ClinApp	   APIs Apps &Software

14	  

Provider	  

Provider	  
Provider	  

Clinical Study	  

ClinApp	  
User	  

Support Group	  
ClinApp	  

Easy Access, No Additional App Downloads
Users add providers, teams, and ClinApps as 
contacts in Clinicoin’s address book, the same 
way they do friends and family in popular mobile 
messaging apps, but approved for healthcare use.



2. Secure Messaging
Secure messaging enables private communications between two or 
more parties and applications (ClinApps).

The best mobile communications are private and secure. Text messaging 
puts healthcare providers and researchers in a difficult place: SMS is not 
secure or HIPAA compliant. Using SMS means curbing communications 
or paying for secure mobile apps, then convincing people to use them. 
More providers means more apps to download.

The Clinicoin app acts like many popular mobile messaging apps, but 
with healthcare-grade privacy, data security, digital tools, and a rewards 
system. Rather than downloading a new app for each doctor, specialist, 
pharmacy, clinic, medical study, support group, therapist, or hospital, 
users simply add them as a contact in the app’s address book. They 
connect to digital tools and third party software the same way.

Messaging Functions
•  One to One (secure chat between two users or a user and provider)
•  One to Many (alerts, info, newsletters, etc. from a user or provider to 

a group of users)
•  Many to One (hotlines, helplines, coaching)
•  Many to Many (group chat, motivation and support, wellness team)
•  One to App (user interacting with a ClinApp)

Technology

User to Provider	   Support Group	  

16	  



Technology
Clinicoin was designed to have distributed, yet compatible, networks 
for messaging, allowing for private networks and smart routing. No one 
is forced to trust anyone else in the ecosystem, and identity can be 
verified on any message.

It’s more than secure peer to peer messaging, it’s the hub for 
automated communications as well, whether they be from bots running 
on the platform or with outside systems using ClinApps.

•  Users benefit from having access to communications and tools 
from a variety of sources.

•  Developers benefit from being able to build apps directly on the 
platform or integrate existing software and systems.

•  Providers benefit from increased adoption, a cost-effective, 
secure messaging platform, and the ability to improve engagement 
through digital rewards. 

Use Cases 
-  One to one communications with providers.
-  Group messaging for support groups, healthcare teams, etc.
-  Quick access to resources and automated bots.
-  Digital health tools like medicine and appointment reminders.
-  Surveys to collect research and insights data.
-  ClinApp integrations with third party software and applications.
-  Opt-in alerts for clinical trial recruitment, health info, or marketing.
-  Users can log healthy activities and earn tokens.

Messenger communication examples

User	   Provider	  Physician, Researcher, Pharmacist, Therapist, etc.	  

User	   ClinApp	  Reminders, Info, Tools	  

Apps, Software, Hardware	   User	   ClinApp	   APIs

Provider	  User	  

User	  

User	  

Hotline, Clinic,
Company, etc.	  

User	   User	  

User	   User	  

Wellness Group, 
Health Team	  



Technology
Messages and Objects
The heart of the platform is a mobile app that knows how to interact 
with subscription-based messaging paths. By adding a path to their 
app, a user is able to submit to and receive messages from this path. 
On the other side of the path may be another user, a group of users, 
provider or an application. 

Message content will not be limited to text, emojis, and images. 
Message objects can be sophisticated datasets that the app will know 
how to render and implement appropriate logic to execute the 
message rules. 

Automated Data Collection via Complex Objects
For example, one of the first complex objects available in Clinicoin is 
surveys. Clinicoin allows a path to deliver a multi-question survey, 
including media, branching logic, reminder notifications and completion 
notification rules. By serving up one message or data set, a path can 
deliver a comprehensive survey and results will be packaged up and 
delivered upon completion.

Privacy and Control
The purpose of Clinicoin is to provide an open source infrastructure 
and allow organizations to control their own data. Practically speaking, 
this means each path will point to its own messaging queue, and the 
queue can be hosted by the owner of the path. Since all messages are 
end-to-end encrypted, a path’s data can be considered private and 
secure within the path’s queue and on the user’s app. Only users with 
access to the path can decrypt the messages. This allows 
organizations with strict data security policies or regulatory compliance 
requirements to confidently follow those policies without depending on 
third party providers.

Teams (group messaging) can be created by individual users, 
organizations, or providers who want to communicate beyond 
one-on-one communications.

18	  



Technology
User to User Chat
One-on-one chat between users will initially be maintained by a Mosio-
hosted message queue. All messages will be encrypted on the app, so 
Mosio will not be able to read or alter the contents of the messages. 
The community can verify the implementation of the encryption system 
by reviewing the app source code, updated on Github.

Publicizing Paths
Channel registration will be hosted and the path database will allow 
anyone to add a path which can be searched for within the app. To add 
a path, users will either search in the app, or enter a short URL that will 
deliver path details in JSON to the app.  

Trusted Paths
In order to prove ownership of a channel, users and organizations can 
sign a path’s identity and other users’ identities with their private keys. 
As identities are built within the system and a further number of 
verifications accrue, users will start to see a trust rating on identities 
that have collected numerous signatures. In this way, the community 
can verify legitimate users and identify possible bad actors.

Decentralized Paths
Typically, a developer would have to register a channel with the 
application provider to get access. Think of submitting an app to an 
app store, or a creating a chat bot on a messaging platform. However, 
this creates a central point of failure and a central point of control. 
Paths in Clinicoin will be stored on the Clinicoin blockchain so that they 
may be added, verified, and searched like any other identity, in a 
decentralized fashion. The Clinicoin blockchain will be public to foster 
an industry-wide source for directory information.

Further Decentralization
As the platform develops, use of a peer-to-peer node network will be 
considered to replace the Clinicoin-hosted message queue for user to 
user chat. These nodes will be able to earn Clinicoin (CLIN) tokens for 
the work they perform helping keep the network alive and functional.

In-app search databases, identities, and verification signatures may 
also be moved to these nodes, allowing for further removal of any 
centralized APIs. 19	  



3. Rewards Engine
The Rewards Engine is the token distribution mechanism, enabling 
engagement transactions between users, developers, and providers.

Health and wellness can and should be fun, whenever possible. 
Clinicoin’s Rewards Engine adds incentives and gamification to the 
experience. There is plenty of evidence showing the value of rewards 
and games in improving one’s health, but they mostly happen in “walled 
garden” environments through a single system. 

For them to truly be effective, rewards programs should be experienced 
more holistically, encouraging healthy behaviors in self-management as 
well as complying with and adhering to the plans of providers and 
healthcare organizations. 

This means rewarding users for being proactive in their health and 
wellness as well as for being engaged with providers and developers in 
the community.

The Clinicoin Rewards Engine utilizes tokens and Token Distribution 
Events (TDEs) defined by providers and developers so users can earn 
rewards in all aspects of their journey, whether they’re feeling sick or in 
great health.

Technology

How Clinicoin Users Earn Tokens
- Engaging in healthy activities (exercising, 
logging health data, meditating, healthy eating) 

- Participating in surveys, clinical studies, 
reading premium messages from healthcare 
organizations.
 
- Completing desired tasks from physicians, 
researchers, insurance providers, pharmacies, 
etc. (appointments, medication adherence, data 
entry, studies).
 
- Community participation and spreading the 
word about Clinicoin to improve the usefulness 
of the platform and network.



Technology
3. Rewards Engine
The Rewards Engine is built into the Clinicoin platform and enables the 
frictionless distribution of CLIN tokens as rewards to be used for 
incentives, services, premium content, and ClinApps.

There are two main ways the Rewards Engine works, offering benefits to 
every player in the Clinicoin ecosystem: Engagement Activities and 
Token Distribution Events (TDEs).
 

3.1 Engagement Activities
The core mission of Clinicoin is to improve the health and wellness of 
people all over the world. This is achieved through engaging people in 
their own health, whether through self-managed healthy activities, as 
part of a group, or following the requests of providers.

The Clinicoin platform rewards community members for taking part in 
engagement activities. These include, but are not limited to, jogging, 
meditating, eating healthy meals, yoga, playing sports, tracking 
pregnancy to do lists, etc.

There are two methods of tracking engagement activities:
a.  Manual Tracking - Users log in to the Clinicoin app and enter the 

activities they’ve completed.
b.  Proof of Engagement (PoE) - Users connect mHealth mobile apps 

they use to the Clinicoin platform and engage in activities 
determined by those apps to deliver tokens. Users wishing to be IRL 
Validators can create Activity Events (think a running club), then 
confirm the activity of participants.

In order to connect an external app to the Clinicoin platform, the owners 
of the app become approved Validators. Validators earn tokens for 
validating the engagement activities within their apps. They also benefit 
from increased promotion of their apps as a Validator and improved app 
engagement from their users.

See section 4. Proof of Engagement (PoE) for more specific details on 
how it works.

21	  



3.2 Token Distribution Events (TDEs)
Token Distribution Events let each party get something they want: 
providers and developers get desired actions from users. Users receive 
CLIN tokens for their actions.

Providers (healthcare orgs, researchers, etc.) often have expectations of 
users as part of their relationship together. For a physician or clinic, it 
may be that you show up on time for an appointment, prepared for your 
visit. For a research team, it may be the expectation that you’ll complete 
journals, remember to take medicines, or stay in the study through to 
completion.

Tokens can be sent manually within the Clinicoin platform from one user 
to another. Token Distribution Events give Providers the ability to 
program the sending of tokens automatically after confirming activity 
completion. 

TDEs specify a number of tokens to be distributed to users after a 
completed action or date. There are dozens of ways TDEs can be used, 
the example below shows a TDE used to improve appointment 
attendance.

Token Distribution Event Process

Technology

Provider	   User	  

Rewards 
Engine

Provider releases tokens 
from wallet via TDE.	  

User Clinicoin wallets receive tokens.	  

Users arrive at appointments, confirm 
attendance with the Clinicoin app (QR Scan). 	  

1)	   2)	  

4)	  
3)	  

Provider creates a TDE for users. 
Example: Attend appointment 

Appointment, Reminder  
& Confirmation	  

22	  



Technology

4. Proof of Engagement (PoE) and Validators
Another way users earn tokens by participating in self-managed 
healthy activities such as exercising, meditating, tracking personal 
health data, etc.

Confirmation of the self-management of healthy activities is done 
through Clinicoin’s Proof of Engagement (PoE) algorithm. The PoE 
system is powered by two different kinds of Validators, Technical and 
IRL (In Real Life). Technical Validators run nodes through external 
health applications to confirm user engagement activities. They are 
compensated with tokens for their involvement in the transaction.

Technical Validator (Health App Developers)
Users connect external applications that have been approved as PoE 
Apps to their Clinicoin Account. They then participate in healthy 
activities within the PoE App and earn CLIN tokens, distributed to their 
CLIN wallet after confirmation by Validators.

Validators provide signed messages, presented as proof of 
engagement by the user to the Clinicoin Rewards Engine.

For example, a user can indicate she or he ran a certain distance on 
her or his afternoon run, as recorded by a PoE App called Let’s Go 
Exercise. The Validator (the developer managing Let’s Go Exercise) 
confirms the engagement activity with Clinicoin, then CLIN tokens are 
distributed to both the user and the Validator’s wallets. Clinicoin then 
posts a hash of the confirmed transactions to the blockchain via smart 
contract.

If confirmation data does not reconcile (user IDs do not match, do not 
exist in the system, etc.), the Validator receives an error message. 
Validators are rewarded tokens only for confirmed transactions, which 
will be posted via smart contract to the blockchain.

23	  



Technology

Proof of Engagement Process
The PoE algorithm handles the processing of validating Engagement 
Activities and distribution of tokens to users and developers upon 
confirmation, then posts transaction details to the blockchain.

Proof of Engagement Validation Process

User	  

PoE App	  

Clinicoin

PoEV	  

PoE approved App records App 
Engagement Activities. 	  

PoE Validator reports Engagement 
Activities to Clinicoin.	  

User engages with 
PoE approved App.	  

User’s Clinicoin wallet 
receives tokens.	  

1)	  

2)	  

3)	  

Clinicoin posts PoE transaction hashes 
on the blockchain.	  4)	  5)	  

PoEV’s Clinicoin wallet 
receives tokens.	  

IRL Validators (Activity Leaders)
IRL Validators can be an exercise class instructor, personal trainer, 
team coach, or manager of any health or wellness group activity (like a 
running club or meditation group). Using Clinicoin, they create an 
Activity Event which generates a QR code on their smartphone. 
Everyone who participated in the activity scans the code with their 
phones to get credit for the healthy activity to earn CLIN tokens. The 
IRL Validator earns CLIN tokens as well.

24	  7	  h$p://www.aafp.org/news/family-­‐medicine-­‐americas-­‐health/20161207hip-­‐pa4entengage.html	  8	  h$ps://hackernoon.com/gamifying-­‐the-­‐delivery-­‐of-­‐money-­‐c55c25cecaee	  

Users	  

Clinicoin

Validator	  

User Wallets	  

Validator’s Wallet	  

Team Activity Process
- A group of people participates in a healthy 
activity together with one person acting as a 
Validator.
- After the activity, they scan the Validator’s QR 
code.
- Everyone receives CLIN credits from the 
community rewards pool, including the Validator.



Technology

Distribution
Users interacting with the Clinicoin app are engaged in their own 
health and wellness. Engaged people are healthy people. They create 
a better world for themselves and for healthcare and research, 
producing more benefits to providers.7

We believe users should be rewarded for their engagement. An 
engagement algorithm determines the total number of CLIN to be 
distributed to users based on PoE activities as well as usage and 
interaction with the platform as a component of gamifying the delivery 
of CLIN tokens.8

PoE Rewards Distribution
There are two methods of PoE token rewards distribution to engaged 
users and developers, defined by an Open Activity List and a Secret 
Rewards List. Open Activities will be defined so Users know which 
activities generate tokens. The Secret Rewards will be defined by the 
Clinicoin team. 

Both PoE rewards will be pulled from the Rewards Pool, generated by 
a privately held factorization table and algorithm defining how they are 
distributed.

Community Rewards Pool
CLIN tokens are distributed to and from a rewards pool, reserved at 
600,000,000 CLIN. The Clinicoin system distributes them as health 
and wellness rewards to the community for engagement activities. 

Base Level Algorithm for PoE

25	  
8	  h$ps://hackernoon.com/gamifying-­‐the-­‐delivery-­‐of-­‐money-­‐c55c25cecaee	  



5. Marketplace
Points, rewards, and loyalty programs are natural components of a 
marketplace. Most are set up with users playing one of two roles: buyer 
or seller. In order to maintain a healthy ecosystem, a marketplace needs 
to exist where participants can both earn and spend.

Clinicoin’s Marketplace will enable multi-faceted transactions, with the 
goal and purpose of providing a thriving ecosystem where every 
community member can play both roles.

Technology

Users	  

Developers	   Providers	  

Services	  

Companies	  

Researchers	  

26	  

A	  
B	  

C	  
D	  

E	  

F	  
Move Towards Decentralization
Marketplace decentralization 
provides the community with the 
ability to have access to more 
products and services.



Technology

Decentralized and Open 
Marketplace
The marketplace will start off 
centralized with the goal of 
decentralization, offering an easy 
way for buyers and sellers to 
connect to exchange CLIN for 
goods, services, and access to 
enhanced experiences on the 
platform.

External Marketplaces
Encouraging CLIN token usage in 
as many places as possible makes 
it a more useful tool to Clinicoin 
community members. This will be 
achieved by making external 
marketplaces accessible via 
ClinApps, giving community 
members an “in app” window to 
those marketplaces for a better 
experience.

27	  
9	  h$p://blog.evisit.com/36-­‐telemedicine-­‐sta4s4cs-­‐know	  



Technology

WAF	   SSL	   HTTPS	   CDN	   OAuth	  

	  SYSTEM	  FLOW	  

CLINICOIN	  SYSTEM	  ARCHITECTURE	  

Vault	   Data	  Store	   Blockchain	  

E2EE	  
Sesame	  
Ratchet	  
OAUth2	  

Access	  Control	  

TPS	  
Event	  Queue	  
Account	  Manager	  
Business	  Rules	  
Repor4ng	  
Prod-­‐Proc	  RPC	  

Smart	  Contract	  
Geth	  ,	  Web3	  ,	  JSON	  ,	  API	  

SDK	  

Architecture
Clinicoin comprises three different systems integrated to provide an 
automated end-to-end solution interacting with the Ethereum blockchain: a 
native application with End to End Encryption Messaging (E2EE), a 
Transaction Processing System (TPS), and an Automated Smart Contract 
System (RPC). A more detailed description can be found in the Clinicoin 
Yellow Paper.

28	  



Technology

End to End Encryption (E2EE) Messenger
Clinicoin’s native application is an asynchronous mobile messaging application 
which utilizes the open whisper system (OWS), which is the leading end-to-end 
encryption messaging system in the industry. OWS provides users with secure 
channels of communication which are encrypted, while offering the additional 
compliance requirements for healthcare (HIPAA) and clinical trials (21 CFR 11). 
Clinicoin’s messaging service uses a combination of asynchronous key 
agreement protocols like X3DH which enables one party to create a message 
encrypted session and use that session to encrypt the subsequent messages 
even if the recipient is offline. 

The asynchronous system is then combined with ratcheting algorithms like 
Double-Ratchet, which allows the sender and the receiver to keep 
communication channels open between two parties without compromising their 
messages. The combination of these two protocols is called the Sesame 
algorithm which uses sessions to support the end-to-end encryption between the 
sender and the recipient. This allows for users to be added at any point in the 
communication channel without losing its encryption functionality. 

The X3DH algorithm uses the following parameters to create its secret key:

Curve :  X25519 or X448 
Hash :  256-bit or 512-bit hash function (e.g. SHA-256 or 
SHA-512) 
Info :   ASCII string identifier 
IKA = Identity Key A 
IKB = Identity Key B 
EKA = Ephemeral Key A 
SPKB = Signed preKey B 
OPKB = One-time preKey B 

This diagram shows the relationship 
between the key parameters required for 
the X3DH algorithm to initiate. In order to 
provide replay protection and avoid key 
usage, a combination of ratcheting 
protocols is to be used to generate a 
freshly generated DH output to make 
sure key generation are randomized and 
no key reuse occurs. 29	  



Technology

Transaction Processing System (TPS)
Clinicoin uses the Transaction Processing System (TPS) to handle events 
related to all transactions (Token Distribution Events, Licenses, etc.) on the 
platform. The system is built to optimize concurrency in its distributed client/
server system. This architecture allows Clinicoin’s application to perform 
transactions without being subjected to any geographical constraints while at 
the same time allowing instantaneous transactions to take place on its 
application with low latency and high volumes. The application also utilizes 
different transaction management schemes (concurrency control, database 
recovery, query processing), logging, and caching schemes to allow for 
execution and updates to take place without affecting dependent systems. 
The TPS performs events management for all transactions, including 
handling of billing and reporting. 

It also uses a mobile transaction processing system to improve concurrency. 
A Mobile Database System (MDS) in a distributed client/server system 
enables processing of all transactional activities to take place in different 
modes when the client is connected, disconnected or intermittently 
connected. This mechanism allows for the mobile TPS system to handle 
sharing of partial states and status among transactions while also 
customizing isolation properties of transaction for error handling. 

Transac4on	  Requests	  

Transac4on	  Results	  

Database	  Opera4ons	  

Results	  

Users/	  
Applica4ons	  

Transac9on	  Processing	  System	  

30	  



Technology

Automatic Smart Contract System (RCP)
Clinicoin’s automated smart contract system is an extension of the TPS 
system’s billing module where withdrawal functions are automated for 
external transfers to wallets. The withdrawal module within the billing system 
integrates the hot storage vault to the Ethereum blockchain via a web3js 
library by making system calls on a transfer function. Ethereum creates a 
smart contract using a compiler to turn source codes into binary through an 
Application Binary Interface (ABI), which allows standard web applications 
to make calls to the blockchain through the HTTP protocol via API’s.

In order to invoke a transfer function of Clinicoin’s smart contract, the API 
must send a transaction call to the network. 
The transaction object being sent must contain the following 
parameters:

From (string|number). Sending account address using 
web3.eth.defaultAccount property or a wallet address index of the hot 
storage wallet in web3.eth.accounts.wallet. 

To (string|number). The destination address of the message or transaction.
 
Value (number|BigNumber). The value for the transaction, if Ether is to be 
transferred the value will be in wei unit.

Gas (number). The amount of gas to be used for the transaction. The value 
selected can be optional or default depending on the requirements and all 
unused gas is refunded to the From account.

gasPrice (number|BigNumber). The price of gas for the transaction in wei, 
defaults to web3.eth.gasPrice.

data (string). An optional parameter either in ABI byte string containing the 
data of the function call on a contract or its initialization code.

Nonce (number). This parameter is optional and is an integer of a nonce 
which allows the overwriting of a pending transaction that uses the same 
nonce.

Callback (function). An optional callback function that returns an error 
object as first parameter and the result as second.

31	  



Technology

Automatic Smart Contract System (RCP)
Once the transaction function call is made, it returns a callback with a 
32 byte transaction hash with a promise combined event emitter 
which will then be resolved to generate a transaction receipt with the 
transaction hash, receipt, confirmation and error (in the event an error 
is generated from the function call). 

Callback promise events help web3 integrate into different web 
applications over the http protocol due to the nature of the call being 
asynchronous. Most objects allow some sort of callback as a 
parameter to handle promises and resolve the promise. The 
promiEvent function in web3 handles the promises combined with an 
event emitter to handle the different stages of actions required to 
interact with the blockchain.

Web.
3eth.sendTransaction ({ 
            from: 

    to: 
            value: 
}) 
.then (function(receipt){ 
           ….. 
}) 

Function receipt 
(web3.eth.getTransactionReceip
t){ 
 
             transactionHash 

     transactionIndex 
             blockHash 

     blockNumber 
             contactAddress 
             cumulativeGasUsed 
             gasUsed 
} 

Once the transaction promise has been 
resolved, it will return a receipt object:

Initiating a transaction over web3js:



Benefits

Why Clinicoin?
It’s time for a health and wellness technology platform making it easier 
for users, providers, and developers to accomplish their respective 
goals. Providing a simple, secure mobile application rewarding users 
for managing their own health and wellness, as well as incentivizing 
them to follow healthcare and research protocols, Clinicoin tackles 
mHealth app overload and engagement problems through a single, 
open source solution on a blockchain backbone.

Clinicoin encourages collaboration, providing a secure platform 
for innovation, laying the groundwork for the future of health and 
wellness.

User Focused  
Most users don’t need to know the underlying technologies powering 
their favorite apps, they just want to interact and achieve the desired 
result. The Clinicoin team focuses on what motivates, incentivizes, and 
excites people about managing their health goals, and supports it with 
a technology stack helping to deliver those goals.

Developer Friendly  
The success of the Clinicoin project depends on the involvement of the 
development community, whether it be one programmer or a team 
within a large company. The platform enables them to integrate mobile 
apps and software they currently manage or provide them with the 
ability to build from scratch. In either case, they will be rewarded for 
their work.

Provider Driven
We’ve worked with organizations in health and research for over seven 
years, helping them to solve recruitment, retention, and data collection 
challenges on mobile phones. Clinicoin answers the need to make 
communications more efficient, secure, and rewarding for providers 
and users.

33	  



Benefits

Build Ready
Clinicoin is a platform removing the complexities of developing and 
managing a secure mobile app with easy integration of existing third 
party apps into its interface. Further, it enables providers to utilize the 
app immediately to communicate with and engage users. 

Connect Seamlessly and Securely  
Connections are created via contacts in the app’s address book, by 
searching public usernames, clicking links, or scanning QR codes. 
Once connected, secure communications can take place using end to 
end encryption.

External App Friendly
Developers with live apps benefit from incentivizing users to connect 
their apps to the Clinicoin Rewards Engine, increasing the stickiness of 
their apps while earning tokens for being Proof of Engagement (PoE) 
Validators.

Third Party Integrations  
External software and systems can plug into the Clinicoin system 
through ClinApps, offering their services to customers and users on a 
secure platform through their existing infrastructure. 

Community Rewards
Users and developers benefit from being able to earn and utilize 
Clinicoin (CLIN) tokens for their involvement in the community.

When we engage in our health and wellness, everybody wins.
When people are engaged in their wellness, they do more than 
improve their personal health. They help the healthcare and research 
industry as a whole, driving down costs and inefficiencies.

34	  



Use Cases

The Clinicoin team has experience in providing mobile 
solutions to the following use cases:

Healthcare Providers
Providers can offer secure, two-way mobile messaging 
communications between people and providers. They can schedule 
appointment reminders or announcements of events or useful 
information.

Clinical Trials
Low engagement is a top reason for problems in clinical trials, 85% 
of clinical studies fail to retain enough participants.10  Clinicoin can 
improve recruitment, retention, and adherence, helping to find the 
best participants for a trial, then keeping them engaged through 
study completion.

Health Services and Hotlines
People are calling hotlines and helplines less and less, making 
mobile messaging a more popular way to communicate. Health 
education and support helplines can engage in secure, two-way 
communications and use pre or post-experience surveys to gather 
data.

Pharmaceutical and Pharmacies
Pharmacies are an important part of a person’s healthcare plan. 
They can leverage Clinicoin to improve adherence, set prescription 
refill reminders, offer one-on-one support, or allow patients to 
schedule an appointment with their pharmacist.

Support, Motivation, and Coaching
Support communities or health coaches can mobilize by creating 
specific groups within the platform without the need to create their 
own mobile app.

35	  
10	  h$ps://forteresearch.com/news/infographic/infographic-­‐reten4on-­‐in-­‐clinical-­‐trials-­‐keeping-­‐pa4ents-­‐on-­‐protocols/	  



The Clinicoin Token (CLIN)
The Clinicoin token (CLIN)  is the platform’s key utility token, used for 
entry into the community and exchanged for access, licenses, digital 
goods, services, rewards, and incentives. It is the primary accounting 
unit for the Rewards Engine, Proof of Engagement, and the Marketplace.

ERC20 (Ethereum) Protocol
Clinicoin has been developed as a transferable ERC20 token, 
implemented on the Ethereum blockchain, the current industry standard 
for digital assets, smart contracts, and custom cryptocurrencies. 

It is the in-application currency powering the smart contracts of the 
platform. Due to the usable functionality that Ethereum is able to deliver 
in its protocol, after due diligence from the Mosio Development team, 
ERC20 was selected as the best solution for the Clinicoin Project.

Circulation
The total supply of CLIN tokens in circulation will be 3 billion at genesis. 
600 million will be reserved in a community rewards pool, delivered to 
members for their activities and contributions.

Immediate Use
Bloomberg reports* 9 out of 10 tokens are not usable directly after a 
public sale. 11 CLIN tokens will be usable on the platform immediately 
upon post-discount sale distribution. Further, as one of Clinicoin’s first 
ClinApp developers, Mosio is promoting and selling Clinicoin-integrated 
services to company clients and partners. These efforts will provide real 
world use in research and health, helping to drive early adoption of the 
platform and tokens.

The Clinicoin Token (CLIN)

11	  h$ps://www.bloomberg.com/news/ar4cles/2017-­‐10-­‐23/only-­‐one-­‐in-­‐10-­‐tokens-­‐is-­‐in-­‐use-­‐following-­‐ini4al-­‐coin-­‐offerings	  

The CLIN token will be usable on the Clinicoin platform 
upon delivery to sale participants. 

36	  



Token Uses
The Clinicoin token provides value to every member in the Clinicoin 
community. As an in-app currency, users, providers, and developers can 
exchange it for a variety of things in the Clinicoin ecosystem, uses are 
listed below. 

Access to Premium Content and Features
Users can earn and spend CLIN on the platform for access to digital 
tools, features, and areas of the platform not available to everyone.

Rewards and Incentives
All members in the community have the ability to send Clinicoins to each 
other. Providers or developers can send them to users for completing 
desired health or research related tasks, to improve recruitment, and 
engagement.

Marketplace
Tokens can be spent within the Marketplace for goods, services, and 
access to health-related offerings.

Premium Membership
Users can buy premium memberships for themselves and others, giving 
them VIP access to functions and features within the platform.

The Clinicoin Token (CLIN)

37	  



Token Discount Sale
We will begin selling tokens for use on the platform February 21, 2018. 
To kick things off, tokens will be sold through early buying bonuses.

No Pre-Sale, No Whitelists, No Minimums
We believe token sales should be aligned with the principles, 
philosophies, and “egalitarian spirit of crypto” that makes it special. 12  
We believe they should be inclusive and shouldn’t stack the deck against 
others who may not fit a financial or social profile for early exclusivity.

For these reasons we are not offering pre-sale or whitelist programs. We 
feel everyone should be able to participate equally in the Clinicoin 
community. Further, we will have no minimum contribution.

By removing these barriers, we accomplish three things:
- We ensure more individuals can participate in the token discount sale.
- We are able to keep the inclusive nature of Clinicoin philosophies.
- We provide a level playing field for all participants.

This format enables us to offer a time-based bonus structure and create 
a Children’s Health Fund component to the token sale, details on the 
next page. 

Bonuses 
Everyone participating in the token discount sale has access to every 
bonus level, based on timing. 

Early buying bonuses include:
•  Days 1-14: 50% Bonus (1 CLIN = $.02 USD)
•  Days 15-30: 25% Bonus

Token Sale Dates
Open: 9AM (Pacific) on February 21, 2018 (5pm GMT, Feb 21, 2018)
Close: 6PM (Pacific) on May 31, 2018 (2am GMT, May 31, 2018)

Token Sale

38	  
12	  Vitalek	  Buterin	  h$ps://twi$er.com/vitalikbuterin/status/932404221260918785?lang=en	  

15M+ CLIN Bonus 
Days 1-4 Only 
Purchase of 15M CLIN or more: 15% 
additional (65% Bonus Total) 
10 Slots Available 



Circulation and Price
3 billion Clinicoin tokens (CLIN) will be created at the genesis.
1 CLIN = $.03 (before bonuses)

Caps
Soft Cap: $2M / Hard Cap: $26M

Registration and KYC/AML
On January 23, 2018, user registration will begin. Users will be able to 
register on the site and complete their KYC/AML verification process.

Children’s Health Fund
When the hard cap is met, it will unlock up to 200,000,000 additional 
CLIN which will be $.03 each. Every dollar in the round will be donated to 
global children’s health charities, voted upon via smart contract by the 
Clinicoin token sale participants.

Further, the amount of CLIN purchased in the Children’s Health Fund will 
be matched and distributed to token sale participants as bonuses.   

Example:
If you buy 100,000 CLIN and the CHF sells 200M CLIN:
You’ll receive about a 14.6% bonus, or 14,600 additional CLIN.

Distribution

Token Sale

Partners/Developers/Growth: 17.6%

Discount Sale: 52.4%

Advisors/Consultants: 2%

Community Rewards Pool: 20%

39	  

Company/Team: 8%



Vesting for Clinicoin Team / Mosio Employees
Tokens for team members will vest over a 24 month vesting period with a 
6 month cliff. If, for any reason, a founder or employee leaves the 
company before the end of the vesting period, all unvested tokens for 
that individual will be returned to the pool.

Business Operations
Normal operations budgeting for Mosio, Inc. is as follows:

Token Sale

Legal & Accounting: 8%

Product & Support: 67%

Miscellaneous: 5%

Biz Dev & Marketing: 20%

40	  



The Roadmap is made up of 4 Milestones. Each is anchored by a 
Clinicoin Stack component, but may have work being performed on other 
platform elements congruently. Security, system, and process checks are 
done regularly as part of the SDLC for both HIPAA and 21 CFR Part 11 
compliance. Many core functions of the platform are currently workable 
and in use. 

Milestone .5 – Patient Engagement and Mobile Messaging 
2011 – 2017
•  Active Use of Mosio’s two-way mobile messaging platform in health 

services, healthcare, and research.
•  Eli Lilly Patient Engagement App Challenge Winner
•  Modules and Programs system for solutions configuration.

•  Alerts, Reminders, TextChat, Incentives, Mobile Photos, 
Appointments

•  Clients: Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, QuintilesIMS, 
PPD, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Johns Hopkins University, 
Cornell Medical School, Cedars-Sinai Hospital, UPENN Medical 
School, Samueli Institute, Geneva Foundation, UCONN CHIP, ICF 
International, Children’s Hospital of Manitoba, Worldwide Clinical 
Trials, CareWire, National Disaster and Distress Hotline, Covance, 
NYU Langone Medical Center, Profil Institute, Coordinated Care 
Network, SARRC, etc.

•  Initial development of Clinicoin app (Messenger, Rewards Engine).
•  Further development of gamification and incentives functions.
•  Smart contract development. 
•  White paper and presentation deck completion.

Roadmap

M1 M2 M3 M4

Note:	  All	  milestones,	  plagorm	  enhancements,	  and	  business	  development	  goals	  are	  es4mates	  and	  subject	  to	  change.	  
41	  



M1	  
Roadmap

Note:	  All	  milestones,	  plagorm	  enhancements,	  and	  business	  development	  goals	  are	  es4mates	  and	  subject	  to	  change.	  

Milestone 1 – Secure Messenger

Q1 2018
Product Development
•  Clinicoin app (iOS and Android)

•  E2EE Messaging (Chat)
•  Engagement Activity Logging
•  Token Rewards Distribution

•  CLIN token genesis
•  Token sales begin
•  Distribution and initial use of CLIN tokens on the platform.
•  Rewards Engine live for self-reported Engagement Activities.
•  Existing client integration into the Clinicoin platform.
•  Beta Launch

42	  



Roadmap
M2	  

Note:	  All	  milestones,	  plagorm	  enhancements,	  and	  business	  development	  goals	  are	  es4mates	  and	  subject	  to	  change.	  

Milestone 2 – Rewards Engine

Q2 2018
Product Development
•  WhisperETH/Smart Contract Processing for PoE
•  Transaction Processing System (TPS)
•  REST API features included for Rewards Engine 
•  PoE system beta tester confirmations
•  Token Distribution Events
•  Smart contracts (PoE and hot wallet transactions)
•  In App Clinicoin Integration (ClinApp alpha)
•  Configuration of Vaults
•  Billing Admin Upgrade (semi-automated process)
•  PoE Validator Terms and Conditions

43	  



M3	  

Milestone 3 – Proof of Engagement

Q3 2018
Product Development
•  Live Release
•  GUI updates for Token Distribution Events on Rewards Engine
•  Distribution Algorithm
•  PoE APIs and Validator Processing
•  IRL Validator functions
•  System mechanics and verification
•  Smart contract functions for PoE transactions 
•  Finalization of Marketplace Categories
•  Marketplace Terms and Conditions

Roadmap

Note:	  All	  milestones,	  plagorm	  enhancements,	  and	  business	  development	  goals	  are	  es4mates	  and	  subject	  to	  change.	  
44	  



M4	  

Milestone 4 – Marketplace

Q4 2018
Product Development
•  Initial PoEVs and partners added to marketplace
•  Marketplace transaction processing
•  Build of beta marketplace offering (digital goods)
•  Marketplace vendors onboarding defined
•  Marketplace vendor onboarding materials and how to guides
•  Enterprise solution (ClinApp access)
•  REST API library for additional in-app functions

Roadmap

Note:	  All	  milestones,	  plagorm	  enhancements,	  and	  business	  development	  goals	  are	  es4mates	  and	  subject	  to	  change.	  
45	  



Mobile Technology for Good
Mosio has been a mobile messaging innovator since 2007 and in 2008, 
was the Mobile Winner at South by Southwest Interactive. Since 2011, 
the company has been solving patient engagement challenges for clients 
in healthcare, health services, and research. In 2014, the company was 
a winner in Eli Lilly’s Patient Engagement App Challenge.

Relevant Experience and Success
The Mosio team has a proven track record providing mobile health and 
blockchain solutions to top organizations and companies. The company’s 
mobile messaging platform has been utilized to assist, alert, remind, and 
manage survey data from millions of users.

Global Messaging Platform
With global two-way mobile messaging reach, Mosio’s platform improves 
patient engagement through a suite of “modules” configured to help our 
clients enroll patients faster, remind them to take their medicine or attend 
clinic visits, collect survey responses for study data, and deliver 
incentives.

Capitalizing on Industry Insights
In 2014, we saw that rewards, incentives, and gamification elements can 
improve patient engagement, but that many healthcare and research 
organizations were hesitant to use it because it:
•  Is difficult to understand and explain to decision makers.
•  Lacks a core set of principle functions.
•  Needs a central point of agreement to build upon in order to increase 

adoption.

We created Clinicoin to utilize the power of open source 
technologies, leverage the usefulness of mobile messaging as a 
communication tool, and deliver the power of rewards in health.

Executive Summary

46	  



The following healthcare organizations are current Mosio clients 
and have expressed interest in the Clinicoin project.

Executive Summary

Clinicoin Partners



The Team

Noel	  Chandler	  

Co-­‐Founder	  and	  CEO	  

Jay	  Sachdev	  

Co-­‐Founder	  and	  CTO	  

Harry	  An9bus	  
Strategy	  and	  Market	  Development	  

Proshonjit	  Das	  

Blockchain	  Developer	  

Daaron	  Dwyer	  

Senior	  Soiware	  Engineer	  

Carl	  Inniss	  

Senior	  Soiware	  Engineer	  

Gil	  Bindelglas	  

Blockchain	  Consultant	  

Jamie	  Seymour	  

Account	  Execu4ve	  

CharloMe	  Jus9ce	  

Director,	  Customer	  Success	  

Mary	  Beth	  Shields	  

Client	  Services	  Manager	  

Mark	  Schwartz	  

Legal	  Counsel	  

Ahmad	  Tahhan	  

Front	  End	  Developer	  



The Team

MaMhew	  Fuller	  

Digital	  Marke4ng	  Manager	  

Issey	  Morito	  

Marke4ng	  Manager,	  Japan	  

Harry	  An9bus	  
Strategy	  and	  Market	  Development	  

Proshonjit	  Das	  

Blockchain	  Developer	  

Andrea	  “AJ”	  Jones	  

Community	  and	  Social	  Media	  

Mobeen	  Muzzammil	  

UI/UX	  Designer	  

Gil	  Bindelglas	  

Blockchain	  Consultant	  

Jamie	  Seymour	  

Account	  Execu4ve	  

MaMhew	  Fuller	  

Digital	  Marke4ng	  Manager	  

Mary	  Beth	  Shields	  

Client	  Services	  Manager	  

Mark	  Schwartz	  

Legal	  Counsel	  

Aaron	  Jaramillio	  

Blockchain	  Developer	  



Advisory Board

Anne	  Zielinski	  
VP	  of	  Partnerships	  (BioClinica,	  Medidata)	  

Patrick	  Crane	  

CMO	  (LinkedIn)	  

James	  Maskell	  
Author	  of	  Evolu4on	  of	  Medicine	  and	  CEO	  
kNew	  Health	  

Eric	  Stromberg	  
Blockchain	  Compliance	  Alliance	  

Kai	  Gradert	  

UX	  (Google,	  Adobe,	  AngelList)	  

Adam	  Piandes	  
Leadership	  and	  Growth	  Expert	  

Max	  Kobernik	  

Play2Live,	  CryptoBazar	  

x	  

x	  

Jamieson	  Chandler	  
Community	  and	  Content,	  GRAMMYs	  

Ed	  Stevens	  
Healthcare	  Communica4ons	  Strategy	  

x	  

x	  

x	  

x	  

47



Join Us

Email: info@clinicoin.io
Web: www.clinicoin.io
Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/clinicoin
Telegram: https://t.me/clinicoin
Telegram (Japan): https://t.me/Clinicoin_Japan


