









































WHITE PAPER 2.2
Crowdholding

upd
ate 1

1/20
17



Mission

1_Problem   1

2_Solution   1

3_Market  2
Open Innovation   2
Alternative Finance   3

4_Product Description and Development   4
Stage 1: Decentralized open innovation (DOI) platform   5
Stage 2: Decentralized open funding platform (DOF)   13
Stage 3: Marketplace   14

5_Business Model   16
Profit Generation  16

6_ICO Details   17
Role of the YUPIE Token (YUP)   17
 For Crowholding   17
 For Businesses   17
 For Supporters   17
Token supply   17
Token Distribution   18
Spending Allocation   19
ICO Details   20
Token Demand & Liquidity   21

7_Business Development   22
 Future plans   22
 Roadmap   23
 Company history   24 

8_What makes Crowdholding Special?   25

9_The Team  26
Executives  26

10_Legal Compliance  28
Company Registration   28
Token Compliance   28

11_Appendix   29
Digital Asset Management (DAM) platform   29



Mission
Unite global businesses and the public on a co-creation 

platform, ensuring prosperity for both.



1

Crowdholding 

1_Problem
In 2017 more than 90% of startups will fail due to entirely solvable issues (Forbes). Of 
founders who faced failure, a massive 42% attributed it to a lack of market need for 
the product, while a staggering 29% of startups fail due to a lack of capital (Fortune). 
C-level execs agreed that their companies were bad at identifying problems, most 
notably in their products, often due to a lack of outside perspective (HBR).

Plenty of these companies have a great idea, capable team, and even a solid 
company structure. What’s often missing is the ability to build an audience — 
something often critical for many modern products to function properly.

There is a severe disconnection between companies — small or large — and the 
public. Whether it’s to validate a new product, or iterate on an existing one. There is 
enormous untapped potential, which with the right tools, can be leveraged to benefit 
everyone.

 

2_Solution
People around the world are willing to validate products, solve problems, and voice 
their opinions. This great potential simply needs facilitating, and Crowdholding is 
designed to do exactly that, encouraging a new wave of co-creation.

Since July 2016, the Crowdholding team has worked hard to build the perfect 
co-creation platform, attracting hundreds of dedicated participants, and dozens of 
interesting startups looking to make use of the wisdom of the crowd.

Crowdholding enables the public, or ‘the crowd’, to help validate, iterate on, or 
build awareness for products or services. In return, the product or service owner 
rewards the crowd for their activity, building a mutually beneficial scenario where 
businesses and the public are brought closer together, aligning goals rather than 
merely exploiting one another.

This reward process is facilitated by the Crowdholding Yupie token (YUP), and 
other ERC-20 compatible tokens (including Ether itself) — allowing value to be 
efficiently transferred between parties in a decentralized manner.

As Eric Schmidt says, the next hundred-billion-dollar companies will be those 
who can effectively learn from the crowd. There’s a new dawn in co-creation coming, 
and Crowdholding is positioned to make it impact society as much as possible.



2

Crowdholding 

3_Market
Open innovation

”We are seeing the emergence of an economy of the people, by the people, for the 
people’”

- HBR

The most basic change has been a shift in the role of the consumer — from isolated to 
connected, from unaware to informed, from passive to active. In the traditional value 
creation process, companies and customers had distinct roles of production and con-
sumption. But this distinction disappears in co-creation, forming a new customer-
-to-business (C2B) dynamic, where customers are directly engaged in production or 
distribution of value (Academy of Marketing Science).

The market is expected to grow to $15 billion in 2020 (IbisWorld). In 2016, the 
fintech sector represented 15% of the co-creation market, or approximately $1.2 
billion. Investments of fintech companies into this market are growing 20% year over 
year.

To increase market adoption, it’s essential to target unique user segments. 
Our priority is on blockchain-based businesses, with an initial focus on the fintech 
segment, aiming to take 20% of the fintech co-creation market by 2020. Our next step 
is to open the platform to ecommerce startups that are related to blockchain already. 
In our last step we will target all global companies who require capital and support.

With so many companies being launched every year it’s becoming harder for 
the community to engage in the right projects and invest their time efficiently. 
Current solutions lack transparency, process integrity and fair appreciation of the 
community’s contributions.

A decentralized open innovation (DOI) platform fueled by our native Yupie token 
— or custom ERC-20 tokens — allows co-creation and exchange ideas crossing the 
boundaries of the close teams and close-minded decision makers. As Crowdholding, 
businesses and supporters are paid in YUP, the interests of everyone are aligned.

After the businesses build a community and verify the concept, they can raise 
capital via a token crowdsale on the Distributed Online Funding platform (DOF). The 
DOF is tackling the Alternative Finance market described in the next section.



3

Crowdholding 

Alternative finance

The exceptional growth of crowdsales makes it harder for the community to support 
the right projects. Crowdholding wants the businesses to increase transparency, 
validate products and build a community on the DOI platform before launching an 
ICO on the DOF platform. According to the “Wisdom of Crowds” phenomenon (JBE), a 
large crowd can provide a better assessment of the company’s potential than groups 
of experts. This means, that on average, investors are better off trusting the crowd 
rather than analysts.

HBR expects blockchain startups to raise more capital through ICOs than any 
other form of financing in 2017. ICO crowdsale investments are estimated to reach 
$2.3 Billion by 2020. Raising funds with the ICO token crowdsale model is notably 
superior to the traditional funding methods, especially for the Pre-Seed and Seed 
stages.

Companies require a shift in perspective. Ironically, the key to successful online 
fundraising isn’t asking for money. It’s not aiming for the wealthy 1%. But instead, 
it’s about building and engaging a community of followers in advance. Crowdholding 
helps companies to prepare, promote and engage with potential community mem-
bers before launching their product or ICO.

The DOI & DOF platforms (see next section) mitigate the risks and deals with the 
volatility of the digital asset industry. With the introduction of all new technology, the 
future of money and asset management morphs into the new era of finance where 
there is much to gain from being aware of what is coming — what is here.

VC ICO Crowdfunding Angel Investor

Time Months Weeks Weeks Weeks/Months

Stage Product  — market fit Pre-product Pre-product Pre-product

Vallue Added Smart money Feedback & Smart money Feedback Smart money

Control Board seat None None Large equity stake

Liquidity Low High Low Low



4

Crowdholding 

4_Product Description and Development

Crowdholding is designed to facilitate very efficient, and highly productive, 
communication between businesses and the crowd.  

At its core, crowdholding utilizes a primarily text-based exchange between users, 
whether the users are multi-million dollar companies, or members of the public 
with little stake in the platform. This type of exchange has been refined over years 
by websites which have become important hubs for much of the internet, utilizing 
commenting and voting methods to sort content. Crowdholding expands on this by 
adding a reward to the activity, giving people an even greater incentive to participate 
in a community.

Our system revolves around projects, containing tasks for the community to 
interact with:

· A project can be almost anything, from an entrepreneur with an idea, 
to an established company. The project summarises the venture, providing 
context for tasks.

· A task can be a challenge, discussion, question, or anything else which 
catalyzes discussion in the community. Content should ideally be fun and 
shareable, but it can be more technical and challenging.

This is a simple but powerful method of interaction, which we are expanding on 
in the near future in order to better facilitate more complex tasks such as ICO bounty 
campaigns.

When a project joins Crowdholding, they buy into the system by exchanging a 
mainstream cryptocurrency (currently ETH) for our local token — Yupies (YUP) — 
which functions as a generic fuel for the Crowdholding ecosystem. YUP can be used 
as the sole reward for completing tasks, or they can be used as a supplement for 

Fig 4.1 Example task card



5

Crowdholding 

a reward in a custom token specified by the project being launched. Currently we 
facilitate all ERC-20 based tokens, including ETH and all ETH based derivatives. These 
processes are all facilitated and secured by the Ethereum blockchain, so while we 
are open to developing a custom solution in the future, this is a powerful solution for 
the present. We will also explain the further uses of the YUP, in that it can be used to 
invest in businesses, or pay for products and services.

Stage 1: Decentralized open innovation (DOI) platform

Crowdholding provides decentralized innovation in the sense that it is an aggrega-
te of the public view which helps to judge the content submitted through tasks. We 
believe that allowing an entity to steer the community both impacts the validity of 
feedback received, and stifles the potential of that community — to connect with 
the business in a productive manner. In a more technical sense, Crowdholding will 
become as decentralized as the technology allows while developments of Dapps 
progresses. For now, we are content to have implemented efficient methods of value 
transfer within our platform, via blockchain.

businesses supporters

feedback, ideas, bounty tasks 

reward for contribution

YU
PI

E /
 CU

ST
OM

  TO
KEN

S

Fig 4.2 The Crowdholding cycle using both the Yupie token and a custom token



6

Crowdholding 

BUSINESSES

YUPIES

INDEPENDENT TRADITIONAL

SUPPORTERS
supporters

BANK

$
£€

e xc h a n g e
wa l l et

Fig 4.3 How the Crowdholding economy connects with the traditional economy — exchanges 
are now commonplace, and we have already laid out plans with a few good ones.

I. Reward with fixed credit system

Initially our platform follows a simple reward structure, whereby companies 
which join purchase a portion of YUP with which to reward active members of the 
community. This has been made more flexible by allowing companies to use an 
alternative ERC-20 based token to reward users.



7

Crowdholding 

Fig 4.4 The most basic reward structure of Crowdholding — transferring YUPIES to users.



8

Crowdholding 

Fig 4.5 Adding custom tokens as a reward

Fig 4.4 and 4.5 contrast the addition of custom tokens to crowdholding. Both are 
quite straightforward reward processes, where the company creates a project, 
and offers some reward in the form of tokens to users, for their participation in the 
community.

One of the primary purposes for this direct reward system is to facilitate bounty 
campaigns, which are particularly helpful for companies utilizing a token — our main 
target audience for the moment. This bounty system is already live on the platform, 
and we are using 5% of our Yupie token pool to stimulate some initial projects. 



9

Crowdholding 

1.  JOIN 2.  CO-CREATE

example project example project example project
TASK: FEEDBACK ON OUR MVP

3.  REWARD

BUSINESS

Crowdholding
User

User 
wallet

Project
wallet

5000 YUP
5000 TKN

Sign up

Create 
 project

Deposit Assign

User 
wallet

Project
wallet

5000 YUP
5000 TKN

Task
wallet
50 YUP
50 TKN

Deposit 

Reward

Cut

Deposit 

Assign

User 
wallet
50 YUP
45 TKN

CH
wallet
5 TKN

Project
wallet

4950 YUP
4950 TKN

Task
wallet
50 YUP
50 TKN

CROWD BUSINESS

Crowdholding
User

Crowdholding
User

Create 
task

Comment / Vote

CROWD BUSINESS CROWD

Fig 4.6 How our blockchain solution interacts with the product, covering both YUP and custom 
ERC-20 tokens.

In Fig 4.6, the basic user journey of join, co-create, reward is displayed in relation 
to our blockchain-wallet structure. In the ‘join’ stage, the example business, has a 
‘project wallet’ assigned to it, while other users have regular wallets assigned to 
them. The business deposits a quantity of YUP, and potentially their own token into 
their wallet. During the ‘co-create’ phase, the business’s ‘project wallet’ deposits 
a specified amount as a reward for a task they launch to the ‘task wallet’. In the 
‘reward’ phase, the ‘task wallet’ transfers the specified reward to the wallets of 
users who participated in the task, with a small cut of custom tokens going to the 
Crowdholding wallet as a nominal fee.



10

Crowdholding 

II. Reward with revenue sharing system

The next phase of development adds our goal of allowing companies to pledge a 
share of their revenue to the crowd as a scaling reward — meaning that the more the 
crowd helps the company, the greater the success of the company, and the greater 
the success of the crowd. This also means that companies can be pledging costs 
which will only apply in the future, making it easier for early stage companies to draw 
on resources, without relying on spending time only traditional the venture capital 
process. 

Fig 4.7 Introducing revenue-share rewards, and how they would play out over time



11

Crowdholding 

Fig 4.8 displays how we expect revenue sharing to work over time, allowing 
companies to dedicate future resources to reward users for their activity. Initially 
the startup pledges a % of their revenue (in this example, 1%, but as mentioned, 
we are encouraging initial projects on our platform to share up to 5% — and ideally 
this will prove the effectiveness of the platform, resulting in more projects being 
generous with future revenue. An important point to consider at this stage is the 
return on investment for mid-long term commitments like pledging revenue shares 
— something we are making sure we can measure — and communicate — effectively 
with our product. It’s crucial that companies can really see how helpful crowdholding 
is to them.

1.  JOIN 2.  CO-CREATE

example project example project example project
TASK: FEEDBACK ON OUR MVP

3.  REWARD -  year 1

BUSINESS

Crowdholding
User

User 
wallet

Project
wallet
100%C

Sign up

Create 
 project

Deposit Assign

User 
wallet

Project
wallet
95%C

Task
wallet

5%C

Deposit 

Reward

Cut

Deposit 

Assign

User 
wallet
9 YUP

CH
wallet
1 YUP

Project
wallet
95%C

Task
wallet

5%C

CROWD BUSINESS

Crowdholding
User

Create 
task

Comment / Vote

Business earns
1000 YUP of revenue

Business earns
5000 YUP of revenue

CROWD BUSINESS CROWD

Crowdholding
User

example project

4.  REWARD -  year 2

Reward

Cut

User 
wallet
45 YUP

CH
wallet
5 YUP

Project
wallet
95%C

Task
wallet

5%C

BUSINESS CROWD

Crowdholding
User

Fig 4.8 Increasing revenue based reward reward year by year

One of the key concepts we want to apply with Crowdholding is rewarding people 
over time with shares of revenue, facilitating a beneficial relationship between 
businesses and the public. Fig 4.7 illustrates how rewards provided to the crowd 
should grow as the revenue of the company grows. In step 3, the company is 
generating revenue equivalent to 1000 YUP, resulting in a 9 YUP reward being shared 
with the crowd, and a cut of 1 YUP going to Crowdholding. In step 4, the company is 
generating 5000 YUP of revenue, resulting in a reward of 45 YUP being distributed to 
the crowd, and 5 going to Crowdholding.



12

Crowdholding 

In summary, the core points of the revenue sharing stage are:
· Smart contract for tasks and revenue share rewarding
· Wallet for each startup
· 100C% token are created for each startup/year
· Start of year 1, 1% revenue of year 0 is pledged (equivalent YUP are transferred)
· New task:
 n YUP are pledged for a task (task dividend duration = 2/5 years)
· Expired task:
 · n YUP distributed to users based on votes
· End of year 1:
 · CH get startup revenue information,  and inject into CH smart contract
 Based on revenue and token distribution, smart contract distribute YUP to  
 users
· Start of year 2, TOP UP revenue: 1% revenue of year 1 is pledged (equivalent  
 YUP are transferred)
· End of year 2:
 · CH get startup revenue information and inject into CH smart contract

 · Based on revenue and token distribution, smart contract distribute more  
    YUP to users



13

Crowdholding 

INDEPENDENT TRADITIONAL

supporters
BANK

e xc h a n g e
wa l l et

e xc h a n g e
wa l l et

businesses
BANK

$£
€

BUSINESSES

SUPPORTERS

Awarding 
YUPIES
for work

Investing
with 

YUPIES

Fig 4.9 the Crowdholding cycle complete, including investment and exchange to fiat

Stage 2: Decentralized open funding platform (DOF)

The next major step in the development of Crowdholding is facilitating funding 
of businesses with YUP, or custom ERC-20 based tokens. This will create a cycle, 
whereby tokens can be distributed from businesses to users via the DOI, and invested 
back in businesses via the DOF.

This is currently a very competitive space, and the best option may be to partner 
with an existing crowdfunding platform in the future. For now, we are building 
product infrastructure to handle it ourselves.



14

Crowdholding 

Stage 3: Marketplace 

Completion of step 3 and thus the Crowdholding Ecosystem is scheduled for the 
end of 2018. Businesses on Crowdholding can start selling products/services and 
receive YUP as a method of payment. Businesses offer solutions to people, other 
businesses and to the Crowdholding platform itself. All the payments are done in 
YUP, both providing convenience, furthering the use of our token, and growing the 
strength of the community.

During this phase, we will be focusing on scaling the usability of the website, 
integrating Dapps, and improving our API to better work with partners.

DECENTRALIZED CENTRALIZED

supporters
BANK

e xc h a n g e
wa l l et

e xc h a n g e
wa l l et

businesses
BANK

$£
€

BUSINESSES

SUPPORTERS

PRODUCT

Awarding 
YUPIES
for work

Selling products
for YUPIES

Buying products
with YUPIES

Investing
with 

YUPIES

Fig 4.10 Adding a marketplace to the Crowdholding platform



15

Crowdholding 

businesses supporters

purchase products       invest

reward for contribution
YU

PI
E /

 CU
ST

OM
  TO

KEN
S

YUP
IE T

OK
EN

S

Fig 4.11 The complete Crowdholding cycle

The Crowdholding cycle when both DOF, DOI, and Marketplace stages have been 
implemented, meaning that YUP facilitates businesses rewarding the crowd, and the 
crowd investing in or purchasing from businesses. As an example:

1.  A company creates a project outlining the product, in order to verify whether 
there is a reasonable degree of demand, and get some general feedback.

2.  The business launches appeals for crowdfunding via YUP, or launches their 
ICO in tandem, to generate more funds through their own token.

3.  The company initiates a marketing campaign making great use of the 
established community. Keen supporters can easily use YUP they have been 
rewarded with to directly fund businesses for more significant gains in the future. 

4.  Those who wish to invest, but have not earned YUP from doing tasks can 
acquire them directly from Crowdholding, or in a p2p fashion directly from the 
market.

5.  The business then launch their ICO and continues to receive active 
management support from us. We take a 3% fee for ICO campaigns.



16

Crowdholding 

5_Business Model
Profit Generation

The Crowdholding model is based on the simple principle of everyone using YUP to 
transfer value — which means that we are creating our own ecosystem. As long as the 
benefits are sufficient for users, it’s very convenient for us to take a nominal cut of 
any transfers which take place on the platform.

After completion of the Crowdholding platform in 2018, businesses on the 
DOI platform pledge to share with supporters between 1-10% of the company’s 
revenue paid in YUP for a set period of time. Crowdholding will take 10% cut of these 
transfers.

The Distributed Online Funding (DOF) platform will allow startups to raise capital 
through ICO by selling YUP. Essentially, businesses are sharing revenue with their 
supporters. We take as a fee 3% of ICO campaigns.

BUSINESSES

USERS

Users buy products 
with YUPIES

Startups pay for tasks in YUPIES. 
We take a reasonable fee.

Users invest in ICO with YUPIES.
We take a reasonable fee.

Fig 5.1 Taking a cut of transfers on the platform



17

Crowdholding 

6_ICO details
Role of the Yupie Token (YUP)

Important part of Crowdholding ecosystem is how YUP are used to build the circula-
tion of the currency and create supply and demand mechanisms. YUP will be used 
within the Crowdholding platform, but they won’t be limited by the platform in the 
future. YUP tokens can be used in the following ways on the platform:

For Crowdholding
· Fuel for the crowdsourcing and crowdfunding processes on the platform.

For Businesses
· Payment for qualified business evaluation and validation, translation 
and proofreading services, creative content development and web design, 
advertising and promotion, bounties and etc.

· Crowdholding bonuses paid in YUP proportionally to all holders. If backers 
decide not to sell the tokens immediately after the ICO, but keep them, they will 
be rewarded with bonus YUP tokens.

For Supporters 
· Investing tokens into companies on the platform.
· Purchasing products/services on the Crowdholding marketplace with tokens. 
· Crowdholding bonuses paid in YUP tokens paid proportionally to all holders. 

Token supply

YUP will be created prior to the ICO, and they will be capped, meaning we are not 
able to create any more in the future. No inflation is intended.

631 million tokens created. 284 million directly sold to public.

Token supply is fixed, we create immediate deflationary currency that will be as va-
luable as our growing community (startups and crowd) in our ecosystem. Any unsold 
YUP created for sale during the pre-ICO and ICO will be burned.



18

Crowdholding 

Token Distribution

The initial issue of YUPIE tokens is programmed by a smart contract and will be 
carried out in the following order:

· Kept as a reserve for future growth (19%). To be utilized for future 
partnerships or acquisitions. This block of tokens will be set aside for 
a minimum of 24 months, never be sold directly on the market and be 
constantly auditable on a publicly shared address.

· Allocated to the current and future team members, advisers and experts 
(20%). The team tokens will be reverse vested with a 6- month cliff and then 
linearly vested over 18 months, with the team wallet publicly auditable.

· Crowdsale (45%) The success threshold is $1M.

· Bounty campaign promotion (1%)

· Award for first 10 businesses on our platform (5%) which will pay for tasks 
with YUPIES.

· Allocation for unforeseeable expenses (10%). We want to have the deposit 
of YUPIES that would be only used to solve the token-threatening situations. 
All our wallets will be auditable via a publicly shared address.

· Bounties (1%)
· Seeding businesses (5%)
· YUP reserve (10%)
· Locked for future use (19%)
· Team & experts (20%)
· Pre-ICO & Main ICO  (45%)

Fig 6.1 Token distribution



19

Crowdholding 

Spending Allocation

The main focus of our expenses will be on the technical development of the platform. 
However, marketing & sales will be allocated a growing importance, as the success 
of the platform depends on attracting the right supporters and businesses through 
diverse paid advertising tactics. Other expenses include paying for IT infrastructure, 
rent, patents & trademarks. Crowdholding will be cash flow positive soon after the 
launch and will utilize additional capital to support international expansion and 
opening of new locations.

ESTIMATED EXPENSES 2018-2019

IT & Blockchain

Legal & Finance

Advertising  & PR

Team

$ 100 000

H1 2018
H2 2018
H1 2019
H2 2019

200 000

Fig 6.2 Spending of raised funds



20

Crowdholding 

ICO Details

Start date: 1st November 2017, 10:00:00 (UTC)
End date: 31st March 2018, 22:00:00 (UTC)
YUP distribution cap: 631,000,000 YUP tokens 
Goal: $1,000,000
Currency accepted: ETH
Token exchange rate: 1 ETH = 1,000 YUP tokens 
Amount of tokens per one person: unlimited 
Minimum transaction amount in Ethereum: 0.1 ETH 
Maximum transaction amount: unlimited 

Bonuses:

 ETH value of investment

1 - 5

5

10

15

6 - 25 > 25

Fig 6.3 Bonus YUP for bigger investments



21

Crowdholding 

Token Demand & Liquidity

Since startups are sharing rewards (at least partially) in YUP, they have to purchase 
Yupie tokens either from Crowdholding or from the market, raising the demand, and 
therefore the price.

To facilitate the needed liquidity, Crowdholding will initially proceed with an 
ERC-20 token foundation for easy acceptance on major marketplaces.

The Yupie token is still in its infancy. As more startups join our platform, the more 
YUP are used to pay for services and promotion. As businesses collaborate with the 
crowd and share their revenue, the crowd receives increasingly valuable YUP. The 
bigger the crowd, the stronger the YUP.

Burning tokens

Following success of the ICO, we will burn surplus tokens, ensuring that people who 
have participated in the ICO will have a reasonable share of the token sum. At the 
end of this process, pre-ICO and ICO pool will represent 45% of total tokens.

Investors for both pre-ICO and ICO will receive a 300% bonus (if you own 3000 
YUP this will be increased to 12,000 YUP). This does not include bounty holders, 
in order to protect the YUP value for investors. However, bounty will continue as 
planned until we reach the 1% as shown on our YUP distribution breakdown.



22

Crowdholding 

7_Business Development 
Our diverse team of open-minded millennials is fertile ground for the realisation of 
our business plan. Working together for over a year consolidated us to revolutionise 
the world’s economy through crowdsourcing, and return wealth to the public by pro-
viding an unprecedented revenue sharing reward system.

We have set a reasonably steady pace for product development, considering how far 
we got while bootstrapping. Now we are more stable than ever, and have put to-
gether a solid team to create something amazing.

Future plans

We aim to reach 100 startups and 25,000 active users on the application by the end 
of 2018. Sharing of revenue by other startups is a major milestone, since that will 
ensure Crowdholding to be established as the Nr.1 Crowdsourcing platform, offering 
ICO preparation. Sharing revenue by other startups means distributing our token to 
more users, increasing the token flow, i.e. boosting our market capitalisation.

We have pledged to share 5% of our Yupie pool to invest in blockchain startups 
on Crowdholding — if you think you have an interesting startup, and would like 
some of this funding, please get in touch with us. This funding pool will ignite the 
co-creation process. This approach showcases our system to be valid and eventually 
startups join the application themselves to share revenue with the crowd and utilise 
our system. The steadily evolving crypto community will accelerate our growth until 
we reach the maturity stage, scheduled for the second half of 2018.

Our moonshot is scheduled for 2019 when we want to create a secondary 
marketplace for revenue futures, thus allowing all users to trade their unique 
cryptocurrency.



23

Crowdholding 

JANUARY 2016
Crowdholding 

idea envisioned

OCTOBER 2016
Alpha launch

with 100 users

MARCH 2017
Beta launch, investment from 

Richfox and Vakoc brothers

SEPTEMBER 2017
514 ETH (257%)

raised from pre-ICO

NOVEMBER 2017
Stage I: DOI, 

(decentralized open innovation)

JULY 2018
Stage II: DOF

(decentralized open funding)

DECEMBER 2018
Stage III: Market 

2019
API integration, mobile Apps
& Community development

α

$$

ROADMAP >>



24

Crowdholding 

Company history

The first milestone was launching a prototype in autumn 2016, after two of our 
co-founders put in USD 24,000 to start the operations, on which we could build the 
basic framework up. A hundred alpha users were leaving feedback and ideas while 
we collected data on how our system worked. This data was used in parallel to work 
on a development domain we could later launch as our beta version with initial 15 
startups onboard.

After we got our second investment from Richfox Capital and the Vakoč brothers 
the beta was successfully released to the public and we started to run marketing and 
PR, which helped us get published in several online magazines and blogs. Beyond 
that we attended a variety of startup events in whole Europe, such as Pioneers, White 
Bull and Startup Vienna to connect with the community, meet investors and get the 
word out about Crowdholding. The traffic and awareness created and supported our 
growth.

During beta, we learned a lot about our users and how to communicate our 
philosophy to both supporters as well as businesses, especially startups. From the 
technical side we ran through several changes and improvements so that we now 
use a Python/Django framework on the backend and a Bootstrap/LESS framework 
on the frontend, which enables separation from code and visuals besides the fact 
that the Python community is big, young and innovative. Continuously improving 
the application we are adding/customising features like notifications, the news feed, 
user profiles and “create your own project“. The current weekly user growth rate is 
approximately 10%.



25

Crowdholding 

8_What makes Crowdholding Special?
Crowdholding aims to connect the crowd (anyone from around the world) with 
entrepreneurs allowing anyone to co-create with startups, therefore creating 
worldwide think tanks to accelerate startups like never before. Imagine a 
entrepreneur comes up with a new app concept and launches it on Crowdholding. 
Within a matter of 24 hours they can have feedback, connections, possible investors 
or future staff members from all over the globe.

What makes Crowdholding groundbreaking is that it benefits both the 
entrepreneur and the crowd due to our innovative business model. Entrepreneurs 
don’t just receive the benefit of co-creation, but also because the startup is not 
sacrificing any of their equity (instead their awards are worth a small percentage 
of future revenue) meaning the entrepreneur remains in complete control of their 
project.

Another factor that is different in the marketing strategy, projects on the platform 
can create lasting relationships with potential customers. We focus on pushing the 
projects through social media marketing and through the crowd due to the fact 
that the standard paid ad is becoming less and less valuable. According to WOMMA 
“word-of-mouth impressions drive sales 5x greater than the equivalent number of 
paid impressions.”

For the Supporters, our system allows anyone to develop their skill set, whether 
you are a 20 year old college student with innovative, new ideas or a middle aged 
professional with 10 years worth of experience, Crowdholding can offer the chance to 
co-create, showcase your skills and build new connections. On top of that because of 
the cryptocurrency we are implementing, Supporters will be able to work and receive 
a digital currency for their contributions.



26

Crowdholding 

9_The Team
Here at Crowdholding, we don’t just value forward thinking, bold, educated 
individuals, but also those who really believe in our vision and what we are trying to 
achieve.

Our executive team has the perfect mixture of experience, coming from some 
of the biggest tech companies on the planet (Google, Skype, HP and Oracle) and 
innovation allowing them to think outside the box.

Supporting staff joined Crowdholding not for a pretty wage, but to change the 
world for the better. Our team is sourced from 11 countries and 3 continents giving us 
a global perspective while striving to evolve Crowdholding in to the ideal co-creation 
platform.

Ethan Clime
CEO

Aleks Bozhinov
CMO

Chris Fronda
Blockchain Architect

Executives 

An expert in alternative crowd financing, having organized and led 
2 successful (Angee & Aquajar) crowdfunding campaigns. He has 
spent a significant amount of time engaging with people interested in 
the Crowd Economy.

Aleks has Spiderman’s 6th sense when it comes to online marketing. 
He already has 2 startups (For Sale!; Aquajar) behind his back and 
having worked at Google has helped him form a good understanding 
of both the startup and corporate spheres.

Absolute genius when it comes to coding. Has developed innovative 
software which was sold to a large corporation. Extremely passionate 
about Blockchain and with experience in deploying Smart Contracts. 



27

Crowdholding 

Henry Ashley-Cooper
CPO

Henry is a veteran product designer, having worked with a number of 
startups including Angee and SQLdep. Responsible for integrating the 
latest technologies and methodologies in the company workflow.

Rosario Colletti
CTO

Paolo Lacche
COO

Rosario is former Principal Engineer at Netsuite/Oracle. He is an 
Application developer, solution architect and has strong experience in 
reports and statistics systems: log analysis, database modeling, web 
user interface.

A former Product Manager at Skype & HP, Paolo has experience with 
both a business and engineering background, ranging from start-up 
to research, from enterprise to consumer. He’s a veteran of mobile, 
social, and web applications.



28

Crowdholding 

10_Legal Compliance
Company Registration

Parent company in London, UK:
Office 7 35-37 Ludgate Hill London, UK

ID: 10301063

Center of operations in Prague, Czechia:
Crowdholding CZ s.r.o. 
Křižíkova 213/44, Karlín, 186 00 Praha 8, Czechia

ID: 06564674

Token Compliance

Crowdholding is working with outside legal counsel to ensure full compliance. 
However, the emerging cryptographic token space is sparsely regulated right now. 
Our goal is to be as compliant as possible within such a regulatory environment, 
and some have raised the possibility that US securities regulations would apply. For 
the question of whether they apply, the appropriate framework is the Howey Test 
established in SEC v. Howey [14]. Our understanding and interpretation of this test is 
that Yupie tokens (YUP) are not classified as securities because 1) ownership of YUP 
does not provide any ownership or related rights in a company, 2) YUP are deployed 
in production and have real utility via the crowdholding service, and 3) YUP serve a 
distinct function more akin to application credits than a financial instrument. That 
said, the contents of this document do not constitute legal advice and we encourage 
prospective purchasers with concerns to consult with an attorney. We expect the 
regulatory environment to evolve as the cryptocurrency space matures and we will 
do everything we can to maintain compliance.

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered 
or sold in the United States or to or for the benefit of US persons (as defined in 
Regulations under the Securities Act) unless they are so registered, or an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available. One such 
exemption allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for 
investment purposes only by investors who (i) are not otherwise affiliated with the 
Polybius Foundation, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic risks that 
ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribution of the tokens.



29

Crowdholding 

11_Appendix
Digital Asset Management (DAM) platform 

Crowdholding.com’s parent company is located and registered in the UK at: 
Office 7 35-37 Ludgate Hill London. Registration: 10301063

The DAM is: 
· Open-source and transparent. Set management track-records are transparent 
and auditable by everyone everywhere at any time.
Modular and inclusive. DAM platform is built from the start to be ever-
expandable and flexible.

· Lowers costs and time. By using blockchain technology, fixed and variable 
asset management costs as well as time requirements drastically reduce.

· Decentralised and reliable. By having decentralised storage and execution 
one can mitigate of today’s world inefficiencies such as custody, counter-party 
and settlement.  

Crowdholding realizes the potential of the digital asset management industry which 
is growing at astounding rate, up from a market cap of 7.93 Billion $ in 2016 to 24.15 
Billion $ in 2017 and is continues to grow. Crowdholding’s DAM offers a more decen-
tralized option to manage digital assets. Crowdholding wants to capture 20% of this 
market by 2022.  

The Crowdholding ecosystem (DOI, DOF, DAM) mitigates the risks and deals with 
the volatility of the digital asset industry. With the introduction of all new technology, 
the future of money and asset management morphes into the new era of finance 
where there is much to gain from being aware of what is coming — what is here. 



Crowdholding _ February 2018          


