


































CRYPTONIA POKER

WHITE PAPER
Online poker room powered with

 cryptocurrency

  



Table of Contents
Executive Summary 

1. Current scenario of online poker
1.1 Issue so far

1.1.1. The game logic is unclear
1.1.2. Fraudulent or biased practices
1.1.3 Control over funds and withdrawals

1.2 How Cryptonia Poker overcomes historical issues
1.2.1. Random number generation and fair play
1.2.2 Cryptocurrency used in poker rooms
1.2.3 Secured user data
1.2.4 Transactions and revenue distribution powered by smart contracts
1.2.5 Monitoring and security systems

                 1.2.6. Security of participants’ accounts
                 1.2.7. Resolution of legal issues

2. Cryptonia Poker’s business plan and way forward 
2.1 Movement of funds 
2.2 Post-ICO poker tournament
2.3 Games at Cryptonia Poker 
2.4 Rake collection
2.5 Distribution of 35% monthly revenue
2.6 Exchange listing and increase in Cryptonia’s value

          2.7. Marketing and Community building
                 2.7.1. Social media marketing and other WWW channels

2.7.2. Influencer marketing
2.7.3. Live chat
2.7.4. PR
2.7.5. Participation in global conferences and exhibitions

2.8. Our competition

1

2
3
4
4
4
6
6
8
9
9
9
10
10

11
11
12
13
13
14
14
15
15
16
16
16
16
17



3. Tokens

3.1 Cryptonia - Definition

3.2 ICO details and token allocations

3.3 Milestones

         3.4 ICO details - Prices and hard & soft caps

3.5 Etherum allocation

4. Cryptonia Poker’s development plan

4.1 The play rooms

4.2 Games and features

4.3 Referral programme

5. Cryptonia Poker team

18
18
18
19
19
21

22
22
23
23

24



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
1

Executive Summary
Cryptonia Poker brings together the thrill of poker with the transparency and value of 
cryptocurrency in an online poker room that is based on blockchain technology. 

The players can benefit from the availability of competitive rakes, discounts and value 
additions offered through our regular business promotions, and potential appreciation 
of their Cryptonia that is linked with the building of a robust poker economy around the 
currency.

Cryptonia Poker is all set to launch. Cryptonia is the official currency on the platform. 
We are starting with an ICO (Initial Cryptonia Offering), in which the players can buy 
75% of our tokens. Out of the rest, 20% is being reserved for business promotions and 
tournaments that will add value to our customers’ holdings, and 5% will be made 
available to promotors, management and advisors to continue adding value to the 
platform. 

We will launch Cryptonia Poker after the ICO. Its details and schedule are given below. 
In total, we will release 1 billion tokens called Cryptonia.

Our online poker and cryptocurrency software is completely built and tested. Huge 
money and effort have been spent by the founding team to ensure the viability of the 
platform, and to make it as transparent as possible.

Blockchain-based online poker helps overcome various issues related to the traditional 
form of online poker, e.g. Cryptonia helps avoid payment processing delays and other 
issues. Blockchain technology also helps create purely random number generation, 
ensuring fair play.



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
2

1. Current scenario of online poker
As more and more poker enthusiasts get tech savvy 
and more mobile-based platforms are coming up, 
the Online Poker market is growing at a fast rate. 

The online gambling industry’s size was expected 
to reach USD 51.96 bn dollars in 2018, and online poker 
is a huge chunk of online gaming. The market is expected
 to reach USD 59.79 bn dollars in the year 2020.

Half a decade back, the online poker industry encountered some slowdowns due to 
regulatory controls, but after efforts made by online poker rooms to improve 
transparency and Fair Play, more and more gamers are encouraged to playing online. 
There have also been certain legislative reforms that have made online poker more 
organised and attractive for players. 

A report published by Global Industry Analyst, Inc. in 2014 says, ‘Poker is one of the 
most popular games, being played by gamers for over two centuries. Online Poker, 
though being a relatively new gaming  concept, is also attracting worldwide players due 
to ease-of-play and convenience.’

Ease-of-play, convenience and safety of funds are the main factors that decide the 
success of any Online Poker room.

With such provisions available in the market, many gamers from different regions, 
including Canada, U.S.A., Asia (including India and China), Latin America, Europe, and 
Australia are joining the market. As online payment and fund transfer is becoming 
available to users in various regions and as access to the internet and mobile devices is 
on a rise, online poker market is set to see another wave of surge.

Introduction of blockchain technology brings the potential to take online poker to the 
next level, by improving the transparency and Fair play factors.



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
3

1.1 Issue so far

Historically, there have been issues that have bothered online gamers. Poker rooms 
were plagued by issues like poker room scandals, transparency issues, and lack of 
security. Rigged control of poker accounts negatively affected gamers’ trust.

There were strict regulations in place in some parts of the worlds and often, rigid 
payment service providers affected the liquidity available in the market, which were a 
set back to the dynamics of poker rooms, globally. 

Fall in the number of players or in their liquidity in restricted regions tend to have a 
ripple effect on the rest of the market, too.

For a long time, we spent a lot of time and effort to built a healthy gaming environment 
that is based on transparency and security, and now the market is going strong with 
many new players from existing and new regions joining poker rooms.

We have taken measures to promote a healthy and growing online poker ecosystem. 
Our blockchain-technology based platform ensures Fair Play, and the concept of 
cryptocurrency helps combat the issue of liquidity.

Following are a few issues that occurred in the past, and how we have made an effort to 
overcome them for our online poker players.



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
4

1.1.1. The game logic is unclear

1.1.2. Fraudulent or biased practices

1.1.3 Control over funds and withdrawals

Poker is all about fair play, and there have been instances of rigged or fraudulent poker 

rooms who minted money at the expense of recreational players. Some issues related 

to technology cover doubts regarding random number generation and fraudulent rooms 

hosted by some poker room companies. The RNG system that many sites boasted of 

earlier were not very random, and could often be predicted or decoded.

A good poker room not only ensures that there is transparency in play, random number 

generation and fairness in technology, but they also audit the play of the players in their 

poker rooms. They ensure that no person, bot or group of players are playing 

individually or in collusion at the expense of recreational players. Smart-money pumped 

in by such fraudulent entities have been a cause of concern among online poker 

communities. Fair play rooms also ensure that they do not give undue advantage to big 

players in the poker rooms.

Earlier, players had limited control over the movement of their own funds. Delays and 

rigidity in funding of poker accounts and withdrawal of funds discouraged players from 

playing online. 

Often, there were various bank regulations, KYC requirements of payment processors, 

and rules set by poker rooms that reduced players’ control over their own funds. In 

extreme cases, funds were frozen or accounts banned, and in some cases, the 

transaction charges were very high. 

In the next few sections we will cover how Cryptonia Poker has addresses these issues.



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
5

They ensure that no person, bot or group of players are playing individually or in 
collusion at the expense of recreational players. Smart-money pump in by such 
fraudulent entities have been a cause of concern among online poker communities. Fair 
play rooms also ensure that they do not give undue advantage to big players in the 
poker rooms.

Under Regulations Various Payments and KYC Issues

Deposit Funds Funds in Poker Room Funds Locked Wait for Withdrawal



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
6

1.2 How Cryptonia Poker overcomes historical 

issues

1.2.1. Random number generation and fair play

Cryptonia Poker is based on blockchain technology, which solves a myriad of issues 

related to fair play, transparency and liquidity.

Following are a few main points that we have focussed on:

Cryptonia Poker rooms are powered with blockchain 

technology, ensuring that the game is fair the shuffle is 

random, and that there are no fraudulent players in the 

online poker room.

Most of the poker software appear to be generating 

random numbers, while they are based on a certain 

algorithm that can be predicted and exploited.  Such

random generators are called pseudorandom number 

generators (PRNGs).

Our RNG system combines the speed of the traditional number generation systems with 

the randomness created by blockchain technology to create an ecosystem that is fair 

and verifiable.

Using only blockchain technology will produce absolutely random numbers, but that is 

not feasible for two reasons:

•   The processing time of each Etherum-based transaction is still high, which might 
not work in a poker room full of players.

•   Also, Etherum transactions are chargeable. There will a fee of 2-3 USD on each 
shuffle,  which will not be feasible



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
7

Previously, some poker companies have tried to implement blockchain and other 
algorithms in their number generation systems, but have encountered various problem, 
that must be kept in mind. Refer to the following few examples of methods that 
generate PRNGs:

Monte Carlo method : This method uses random numbers from physical life situations, 
but locks the repeated pattern of the same values, in the same order. Which doesn’t 
sound very random, if you look at it, i.e. the numbers might be random, but the same 
numbers occur in the same order always. This is a perfect example of a PRNG.

Block hash method : This is a very unpredictable method, and can easily be rigged. If the 
miner finds that the value of the bet is much higher than the block reward, they might 
discard the block, rather than choosing to mine on it. There is also a risk involved if there 
are too many bock hashes involved between the first call and the final reward call of 
the bet, The block hash returns the value zero if the block hash number exceeds 256.

We have overcome this issue, by combining the traditional and the modern. The 
following points describe how our RNG system functions:

•    Each players and the operator generate their individual seeds
•    These pre-committed partial RNG seeds from all the players and the server are 

collected and processed together in the Random number generator
•    The data from the RNG is forwarded to smart contracts
•    The players can check the data about each player’s actions, seeds and other 

transactions of a game through the game’s smart contract on blockchain, recorded and 
uploaded on regular intervals, to offer transparency to the whole process

Therefore, we decentralise RNG, and maintain a good speed of number generation.



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
8

In Cryptonia Poker rooms, gamers can play with Cryptonia, which are etherum-based 
tokens. Cryptonia is a cryptocurrency launched for our poker rooms.

It will be listed on exchanges to ensure that users get value on the currency they hold, 
and so that users can easily purchase or exchange funds, no matter where they reside.

For playing, online players can add funds to their poker accounts or make withdrawals 
easily and quickly. It takes only a few seconds to transfer funds.

It can be purchased and sold from anywhere in the world. However, Cryptonia can be 
used to play poker only from regions where online poker is legal, licensed, and not 
governed by the local laws.

With easy fund transfer system, people from various regions can play online poker, and 
the etherum-based currency helps minimise the transaction time, adding to the liquidity 
of the players, and hence making the ecosystem more efficient.

Following steps are involved in Cryptonia deposits:

   1. The gamer can add his cryptocurrency wallet details to his Cryptonia Poker account
   2. One command can be given to transfer the player’s cryptocurrency from his  wallet 
to the Cryptonia Poker main wallet on our server
   3. The player can immediately see and play with the updated balance in their 
Cryptonia Poker account

Following steps are involved in Cryptonia withdrawals:

   1. The user requests to withdraw funds from their account
   2. The server immediately receives and processes the request using Smart Contracts
   3. Cryptonia  is transferred from user’s Cryptonia Poker main wallet to his 
cryptocurrency wallet within seconds

1.2.2 Cryptocurrency used in poker rooms



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
9

Cryptonia poker maintains anonymity of the gamers. We do not collect 

unnecessary data at the time of registration, simplifying the whole 

process, and eliminating the risk of exposing the users to undue attention.

Etherum-based smart contracts allow easy transactions over the internet, while 

ensuring anonymity and safety of the users.

This helps create an environment of efficiency, trust and fairness. Our etherum-based 

contracts comply with ERC20.

Using Smart contracts, one can easily deposit or withdraw funds from their Cryptonia 

Poker account. It also ensures cheap transfer of funds for users.

These smart contracts are also used to distribute 35% of the rakes we collect to gamers 

as monthly revenue, so that liquidity and stability in the ecosystem remain intact. 

Blockchain-based distribution wallets used for these transfers will be trackable by 

everyone in the system.

Cryptonia Poker software has programmes to monitor the behaviour 

of each player to identify fraudulent activities.  Bot-powered 

accounts can be identified upon studying the behaviour of an 

account with the help of advanced algorithms, Cryptonia Poker’s 

team, and other online users.

1.2.3 Secured user data

1.2.4 Transactions and revenue distribution 
powered by smart contracts

1.2.5 Monitoring and security systems



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
10

Online users can report suspicious behaviour, upon which Cryptonia’s team probes into 

the matter in detail. Besides these measures, captcha is also used to ensure that there 

are no bot participants in the system. 

Each player’s game is analysed over time, independently and in relation to that of other 

players, to see that no sign of collusion occurs.

To identify vulnerability, we regularly audit all games, ensuring that their is no suspicious 

activity or transaction.

Our participants’ accounts are protected by one or two-step authorisation, as per their 

choice. They can manage their account settings for better control over their accounts. 

Captcha ensures that bot activity doesn’t effect users’ accounts. We also plan to send 

regular emails to our participants regarding idea safety measures to keep their data 

safe.

Anti-hacking measures have also be taken at our end. We back-up our data at various 

server locations to keep track of real-time transactions.

1.2.6. Security of participants’ accounts

Our legal advisor will be providing assistance in legal and theoretical issues that 

constantly arise in the gambling industry.

1.2.7. Resolution of legal issues



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
11

2. Cryptonia Poker’s business plan 
and way forward

Cryptonia Poker is bringing together the best of Poker with that of cryptocurrency. 

Powered with blockchain technology, this platform has the potential to deliver to a large 

consumer base with ease and transparency.

Our two main revenue sources are:

• We retain a small administration fee as rakes when our users purchase Cryptonia 
tokens. This is done to cover our admin and operational costs, much like traditional 

poker rooms.

• The cryptocurrency used in our poker rooms is also listed on exchanges, and will 
grow in value with the strengthening of the platform and its ecosystem, which means 

that we will grow only when our customers believe in us and extract value from the 

poker rooms.

Our aim is to maximise our gamers’ returns. Out of the total tokens available in the 

system, ten per cent are reserved for encouraging more players to play and for 

maintaining liquidity in poker rooms. 

This is done by attracting players through higher tournament guarantees, leaderboards 

and freerolls. This will also bring in new players, adding to the overall value of the 

currency and hence that of the currency held by the Players.

Besides this, thirty five per cent of the rakes we collect every month will be distributed 

back to the players in the form of bonuses and improved tournament pools to improve 

liquidity. This will be done transparently and fairly to encourage recreational gamers.

2.1 Movement of funds



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
12

ICO

Players CPC Tokens

Players

Games

Generated Rake

35% of the Community

10% of the Community

With the cumulative effect of larger pool of players and increased value of the currency, 

larger benefits will be available to gamers, which will attract more players, which will 

again raise the value of the currency. This will make it a self-feeding system.

With the cumulative effect of larger pool of players and increased value of the currency, 

larger benefits will be available to gamers, which will attract more players, which will 

again raise the value of the currency. This will make it a self-feeding system.

Once the ICO is completed, a tournament with attractive guarantees will be hosted on 

the platform to attract new players and to encourage all the players on the platform to 

initiate play, to start building value in poker rooms. 

During the tournament, 10% of the Cryptonia tokens in the system will be distributed as 

tournament prize pools. These bonuses and attractive prizes will attract new players to 

join our poker rooms, adding to the value of the whole ecosystem.

2.2 Post-ICO poker tournament



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
13

2.3 Games at Cryptonia Poker

We will have various types of games with different limits for gamers with various 
preferences. They will be available 24/7 to suit gamers from various time zones. This is 
to encourage more and more recreational players to enter the ecosystem.

Gamers can choose between various game formats including Texas Hold’em No Limit.

Higher limit games, e,g, $1000 equivalent CPC games, and games requiring higher 
liquidity will be available as the community gets stronger and the demand for such 
games rises.

The opening tournaments on Cryptonia Poker will have a wide-buy-in range, i.e. from 
one dollar on to a hundred dollars. This will attract and encourage players to join the 
community.

2.4 Rake collection

Our rake rate on cash games is only 3%, with ceilings set for different limit games. This 
will encourage gamers willing to play high-stake recreational games. 

Lower rake is more in favour of recreational players and less in favour of smart money 
that gets more rakeback. Also, smart money players often cash out the rakebacks, 
leading to reduced liquidity in the ecosystem.



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
14

2.5 Distribution of 35% monthly revenue

We will distribute 35% of the rakes we collect every month to the gamers through 
various avenues:
• Jackpots
• Bounty for bringing in new players
• Leaderboard rewards for regular gamers
• Tournament guarantees
• Loyalty programmes to reward regular and old players. 

This will encourage existing players to play more to collect points that can be 
redeemed for Cryptonias. However, the system will ensure that only recreational 
players benefit from this programme, and smart money does not get undue advantage.

2.6 Exchange listing and increase in Cryptonia’s 
value

After the ICO, online players interested in playing on Cryptonia Poker platform will have 
to purchase Cryptonia at the market price.

However, those who purchase Cryptonia during the ICO will benefit from appreciation 
in prices. As more and more players come on the platform, the demand for Cryptonia 
will rise, and hence its price on exchanges will increase.

The price will keep increasing as there is more demand of the currency by existing and 
new players.

There is a possibility, that as the value of CPC rises, participants will measure all the 
bets in fiat, and hence less CPC will be required to play in the system by the same 
number of players, but, as fresh players enter the ecosystem, they will have to purchase 
Cryptonia at the market price, nevertheless, which will further raise the CPCs value.



2.7 Marketing and Community building

Cryptonia Poker team will invest time, money and effort in

 promoting the platform on various networks, so that 

more and more people join the poker rooms or demand 

Cryptonia, which will increase the value of the currency, 

hence benefiting the currency holders.

We will encourage participants to choose the type 

of events  to be hosted, so that there is higher participation 

and interest. 

Influencers and promotors of the platform will be rewarded in points for spreading the 

word to other online players.

Our various marketing channels during and post ICOs include:

Also, as CPCs value rises, users will demand it not only for playing, but also for 

investment in a cryptocurrency, which adds to the demand of Cryptonia. Even though 

the number of Cryptonia bought will not be as high when its value is higher, but the 

demand of CPC in terms of fiat will be rising.

Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
15

2.7.1 Social media marketing and other WWW 
channels

We have active presence in social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, 

Medium, Reditt and Telegram. We also plan to do email marketing to invite players to 

tournaments. Blogging and participation in forums like BitcoinTalk will help us maintain 

communication with the relevant users.



2.7.3 Live chat

We offer live chat facility to ensure that our users can access us anytime, anywhere. 
This also builds trust, and helps promote our platform.

Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
16

2.7.4 PR

We have a strong PR team, getting us coverage on known poker news and information 
platforms like Poker News, Highstakedb, Pokervip, ICO Bench, CCN, Poker Tube, ICO 
bazar, Track ICO, and Cointelegraph.

2.7.2 Influencer marketing

We partner with various influential players and experts to promote our platform through 
word of mouth.

2.7.5 Participation in global conferences and 
exhibitions

We are participating in international forums and conferences related to ICOs, 
blockchain and poker. Some of the initial conferences we are visiting are:

• ICO Festival, Munich
• Blockchain Delhi - A blockchain conference, India
• World Blockchain Forum, Dubai



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
17

2.8 Our competition



Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
18

3. Tokens
Cryptonia tokens powering the platform, Cryptonia
Poker, will be launched in two phases—Pre-ICO and 
ICO—for players and investors.

3.1 Cryptonia - Definition

3.2 Token allocations

Cryptonia is the official currency used for playing on the platform. It’s a cryptocurrency 
that is based on Etherum. Cryptonia can be easily deposited or withdrawn by the 
gamers from their wallets. It is divisible to 18 decimal points as a usual ETH 
cryptocurrency.

In total, 1 billion Cryptonia tokens will be available in the system.

• In the ICO’s 75% or 750 million will be made available to players and investors.
• After the ICO, 10% or 100 million Cryptonia will be offered in the tournament 

prize pools to attract  and encourage players to play and to attract new players.
• 15% or 150 million Cryptonia tokens will be use for later promotions and 

tournaments to maintain liquidity in the system, and to keep existing and new users 
motivated.

• Five per cent tokens will be reserved in the exchanges after the end of ICO 
this will also help us to be on as many exchanges as possible.

• Five per cent of the tokens will be allotted to the promotors, management and 
advisors for their contributions. These tokens are already blocked.



3.3 Milestones

3.4 ICO details - Prices and hard & soft caps

Following is a brief timeline of the launch and development of Cryptonia and the 
platform:

Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
19



The pre ICO will start 10th April, 2018 and end on 30th April, 2018. 
      •   Hard cap of this phase of ICO will be 200 million Cryptonia (CPC). 
      •  Soft cap of this phase is 45 million CPC
      •  Price of the tokens will be 11000 CPC/ETH

The Stage 1 of the Cryptonia Poker ICO will begin on 1st May, 2018 and end on 30th 
May, 2018.
      •  Hard cap of this phase of ICO will be 275 million
      •  Soft cap of this phase is 70 million CPC
      •  Price of the tokens will be 7000 CPC/ETH

The Stage 2 of the Cryptonia Poker ICO will begin on 1st June. 2018 and end on 1st July 
2018.
      •  Hard cap of this phase of ICO will again be 275 million
      •  Soft cap of this phase is 90 million 
      •  Price of the tokens will be 5800 CPC/ETH.

In case, our Soft cap for the ICO isn't reached, all the money shall be refunded to the 
investors. 

The CPC tokens that are not sold during the ICO, will burn after end date of the ICO, and 
thereto the purchased token will define the ecosystem.

We can't know the exact price of Ethereum in terms of fiat after the ICO, so for clarity, 
we are providing CPC’s price in terms of ethereum.

Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
20



3.5 Etherum allocation

A transparent and efficient platform and a healthy community is what we aim for, 

therefore the Etherum collected will be used in the following manner:

•   Sixty per cent of the Etherum will go towards development, maintenance and 
upgradation of the platform, servers, application integrations, etc. Our platform is right 

now under development, and after our pre-ICO our software will be launched. With time, 

we will keep adding new features to make it more secure and enjoyable. These funds 

will also be used for future software development and updations, and to bring in live 

tournaments, GTDs, and more games.

•   Twenty per cent of the Etherum will be used for promoting the platform through 
various channels online to encourage online gamers to play on Cryptonia Poker, so that 

the size and value of our platform increases.

•   The rest fifteen per cent of the Etherum will be reserved for the team, advisors 
and ambassadors of the platforms for rendering their valuable services.

Development

Team and Advisors

Worldwide Community Building

Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
21



First quarter from our launch

• Cryptonia Poker rooms will be available to play on with play money—cash games 
and tournaments
• Programme for fair play—random number generation and secured play

Second quarter

• Improved security programme with the feature of player-enabled alerts about 
suspicious activities
• Advanced random number generation

Third quarter

• Algorithms to detect collusion and bot-enabled activity
• Bounty programme

Fourth quarter

• New games
• Loyalty programme

Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
22

4. Cryptonia Poker’s development 
plan

4.1 The play rooms

Cryptonia Poker rooms are available online for players to join. You can play on the 
platform right away with play money. You can play from anywhere, with anybody in the 
world.



4.2 Games and features

4.3 Referral programme

We will keep adding new games to attract different types of recreational gamers. Our 
security and game features will keep the environment fun and healthy.

Some of the games that we plan to have beside Texas Hold’em Poker are  Open Face 
Chinese poker, 5 Card Omaha, and All-in Poker.

The iOS and Android apps will make the online poker rooms accessible to the players 
anytime, anywhere. This will help build a stronger community.

Our advanced system will help players to see the 
status of the gamers they refer. 

Affiliates can manage how to improve 
participation of their referrals based on the data 
they receive about them.

Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
23



Our team is a wonderful mix of Cryptocurrency enthusiasts and poker lovers. They 

know how to mix business with pleasure, and they are putting in their heart and soul to 

create a platform that is both fun and value generating for online gamers.

Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
24

5. Cryptonia Poker team

Meet our team:

Lakshay Anand
CEO & Founder

Vivek Jain
Co-Founder

Paul Danilov
Professional Poker Player

Abdallah Altrabeishi
Head Of Security

Alexandr Palamarchuk
Bounty Team Lead

Anastasia Naymushina
CMO

Sharad Kant
Interface & Product Designer

Sofía Terekhova
Backing Agent

Opeyemi Francis Oni
Smart Contract Developer

https://www.linkedin.com/in/lakshay-anand-840731156/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/vivek-jain-3a273133/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/paul-danilov-327b85160/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/anastasia-naymushina-220520160/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandr-palamarchuk-aab325b0/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/boobebeshi/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sharadkant/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sof%C3%ADa-terekhova-78454415a
https://www.linkedin.com/in/opeyemi-francis-oni-041441b7/


Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
25

Igor Chetkarev
Customer Success Manager

Shivani Ahuja
Writer & Editor

Cryptonia Poker’s team is continuously getting bigger and better. We plan to get 

more members on board post our ICO for the following profiles:

• Community building and PR
• Business development
• Security

Meet our Advisors:

Scotty Nguyen
Prince Of Poker

Daniil Morozov
Investor & Business Advisor

Vadim Ivanenko
ICO & Blockchain Development

Tushar Kant
Technical Advisor

Filip Poutintsev
Cryptocurrency & Blockchain Expert

https://www.linkedin.com/in/igor-chetkarev-06365815a/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/shivani-ahuja-0a7b0534/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmoroz0v/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/vivanenko/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/poutintsev/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/tshrk/
https://twitter.com/thescottynguyen?lang=en


Cryptonia Poker

www.cryptonia.poker
26

Meet our Partner’s:

Global Torg LP


