






















Eco System
Business White paper

Artificial Intelligence Bot & Investment 
Platform

Teaching & Consulting
Trade, Learn & Earn

with  
Dank Signals Club

 



 
The Dank Signals ecosystem is tasked with solving the problem of user interaction with cryptocurrency exchanges, 

continuously monitoring markets, while ensuring every member is learning and growing at their own pace as the community 
grows. The platform is designed to lower the threshold of entry and knowledge into the exchange trade of cryptocurrencies. 
Investing options  that do not require trading knowledge, with an intuitive interface and utilizing expert traders working 24/7 
will provide protection and capital turnover, eliminate in-experienced human error and take advantage of the volatility of the 
cryptocurrency for profit for these participants. 

Unlike other existing tools, we have accumulated a maximum set of tools and services, using decades of experience and 
intuitive learning to input collective analysis obtained from expert traders verified by the system, while explaining and 
teaching these methods to newcomer traders utilizing the token throughout the platform. The platform allows you to start 
using after a few simple steps to fund your account, regardless of the availability or understanding of crypto-trading, since it 
is available from anywhere in the world - even on a mobile device with a Wi-Fi connection, with predefined settings and tools 
for successfully solving the main tasks of wealth accumulation and knowledge expansion.

 This paper discusses the current status and future plans of the Dank Signals ecosystem. It aims to demonstrate how we are 
using our teams’ expertise to make cryptocurrency trading & investing easy and accessible for everyone.

● The Dank Signals team is aware of possible risks associated with a decentralized crypto-trading platform and the corresponding 
cryptocurrency.

● DANK Tokens are not being structured or sold as securities. DANK tokens are utilized for participation in Dank Signals and DANK 
Tokens hold no rights or ownership of Dank Signals. DANK Tokens are sold as a functional utility and all proceeds received by 
Dank Signals may be spent freely by Dank Signals for trades & developments, absent of any conditions.

 
● Dank Signals is cautious of the potential regulatory consequences and appropriate measures have been taken to minimize risk in 

a commercially sensible manner. 

● No promises of future performance or value are or will be made with respect to DANK tokens, including no guarantee of inherent 
value, and no guarantee that DANK tokens will hold any particular value or trade on a public exchange. Only once prospective 
participants fully understand and accept the nature of Dank Signals and the possible risks associated with investing in any 
cryptocurrency, should they participate in this DANK token sale.

● Dank Signals is responsive and will work with regulators as required, moving forward. As of the white paper publication date, 
DANK tokens have no known potential uses outside of the Dank Signals  Eco-system and may or may not become a tradeable 
asset on public exchanges.

● Participation in the DANK token sale carries considerable risk and may involve special risks that could lead to a loss of all or a 
substantial portion of such an investment. Do not participate in the DARK Token Sale unless you are prepared to lose the entire 
amount allocated to purchasing DANK Tokens.

This whitepaper is an explanation document and is not an offer to sell, nor solicitation of any offer to buy any investment or 
financial instrument in any jurisdiction and should not be treated or relied upon as one. 

This whitepaper is for information only. Written authorization is required for distribution of any or all parts contained herein. 

● DANK tokenholder’s assume risk when participating in trading activities and such activities have inherent risks. Unforeseen 
problems could result in the complete loss of a DANK token holder’s funds or DANK token value on a P2P exchange, should be 
listed in the future.

All information here that is forward-looking is speculative in nature and may change in response to various uncontrollable 
factors, including but not limited to ; technological innovations, regulatory factors, and/or currency fluctuations and the market 
value of cryptocurrencies. 



 

 This whitepaper is for information purposes only and is subject to change.

● Dank Signals shall have no liability for damages of any kind arising from the use, reference to or reliance on the contents 
of this whitepaper, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. This whitepaper includes references to third party 
data and industry publications. Dank Signals believes that this industry data is detailed and that its estimates and 
assumptions are reasonable and factual. Third party sources generally state the information contained therein has been 
obtained from sources believed to be reliable.

Nevertheless, the Dank Signals team is confident in their belief that they have taken all commercially reasonable steps to ensure 
that logistics are properly in compliance with current regulations. Dank Signals intends to invest the Dank Token contributions to 
fund trade opportunities, increase platform functionality, expand marketing and future ecosystem growth. Dank Signals makes no 
representations or warranties as to the timing of the delivery of a publicly  accessible automated crypto-trading platform. All 
executions within are performed solely by Dank Signals

This whitepaper contains forward-looking statements and information that relate to Dank Signals current expectations and 
views of future events. Dank Signals has based these forward-looking statements on its current expectations and projections,about 
future events and financial trends that may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, financial needs, or 
the results of a token event or the value or price stability of DANK Tokens. In addition to statements relating to the matters set out 
here, this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements related to Dank Signals proposed operating model. 

The model speaks to its objectives only, and is not a forecast, projection or prediction of future results of operations. Forward-looking 
statements are based on certain assumptions and analysis made by Dank Signals in light of its experience and perception of 
historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments and other factors it believes are appropriate, and are subject 
to risks and uncertainties. 

Although the forward-looking statements contained in this white paper are based upon what Dank Signals believes are reasonable 
assumptions. Given such risks, prospective participants in this token event should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements.



 
-

 Dank Signals is the result of having frustration with traditional trade analyst learning methods, the difficulty of 
modern investment platforms, while holding a desire to contribute to the overall growth of humanity in the form of a 

wealth production system that anyone can participate in and benefit from individually.
-

 It started when two friends – both blockchain enthusiasts – decided to start investing into 
cryptocurrencies. However, the further they immersed themselves in the blockchain technology, the more lost they 
initially became due to lack of information, mentors and avenues to learn. The barriers for entry were huge and the 
odds were stacked in the oppositions favor. After years of market research, trend analyzation and  global 
networking, they gained unparalleled experience/expertise and came to the realisation of the potential for a 
platform such as Dank Signals. With backgrounds in Market Trends , User Demands, & Design/Growth 
Development, they had the vision to develop an automated cryptocurrency trading & information hub, like no other,  
This platform would operate so that it would be available to anyone at anytime. The platform would included 
everything from automated trading, ability to share and learn from common trade strategies, live chat assistance 
and detailed explanation of any executions completed which can be tailored individually to the users requests, 
adding additional investing options and tokenized to a blockchain for full transparency and decentralization of the 
service.

To date - Dank Signals is already currently a thriving community, boosted with over 500 expert crypto-trade 
analysts consistently scouring the markets, discovering trends and sharing knowledge. We have been in operation 
for over 2 months facilitating assistance to new traders, while sharing our analysts with the community for weekly 
trade ROI. In our exclusive members club, we successfully maintain an  accumulated average weekly return on 
investments ranging from 20-350% for our direct investors.

 As individuals, we are passionate and excited – not only about making Dank Signals a success – but also 
achieving success in the world of cryptography & blockchain technologies, information sharing and how the world 
is rapidly learning with regards to digital currencies. With the funds raised from the Dank Signals token sale, we will 
have the ability to expedite our eco system development and launch of Dank Signals 2.0 in 2018. We will also 
have the ability to fund and grow our global team of experts so that they can focus purely on Dank Signals and its’ 
overall growth & expansion. Our group of experts are dedicated to working collectively 24/7 to deliver the list of 
great features, enhancements and functionalities outlined in our road map. Dank Signals has a rapidly growing 
network of collaborators who are eager to contribute and be part of the chain. Every investor of the DANK token 
sale that meets the minimum purchase requirements will instantly begin earning weekly ROI in the form of DANK 
tokens - which can later be exchanges through the platform back to BTC for withdrawal.

Getting this far has been an amazing journey and reaching the token sale is a big milestone for us. We would like 
to take this opportunity to thank all of our passionate and devoted community,   and our advisors for their help and 
guidance along the way.

 Together, we’re going to change the world of wealth production



 

 In 2017, a sharp surge of new crypto traders are boosting trading volumes and rates of almost every 
alternative cryptocurrency (altcoins) and Bitcoin itself. That also makes prices of some altcoins more volatile than 
before, while constantly growing Bitcoin rate keeps increasing traders’ stress levels. Bitcoin is losing its share in total 
crypto market capitalisation despite of its increasing value. 

Market capitalisations of some altcoins has already exceeded hundreds of millions of dollars, and that’s only 
the beginning. It’s impossible to factor in all the trends, events and sub-reddits that shape the markets. Making a 
good trade can be difficult even for experienced traders, let alone newcomers. New traders don’t recognise market 
trends and can’t make good trading decisions based on experience they haven’t obtained. For people who just have 
started to trade cryptocurrencies, the “what to buy” , “where to go” and “who to trust”  problem is now more important 
more than ever.

Our goal is to provide the best cryptocurrency trading/information platform that blockchain have ever seen. 
One that is automatic, intelligent,  quick and easy to use while remaining accessible to all customers, no matter their 
background, trading experience or knowledge. With Dank Signals, users do not need to be an expert trader or know 
any analysis methods or procedures. Users can learn to trade while the system executes transactions for them, learn 
to understanding the market and grow their market analyst expertise.

Dank signals connects inexperienced traders to the information they need to advance. Once membership is 
purchased, clients gain access to a wide range of opportunity - whether through direct consulting access, investment 
options or smart-trading on their account. Smart- trading uses advanced algorithmic artificial intelligence trading bots 
to make the trades on behalf of the customer – at parameters that the customer has set or teaching lessons that they 
lease. 

These options require no analyst skills, no previous trading experience and no in-depth knowledge of 
cryptocurrencies. Dank Signals is suitable for anyone who wants to trade and invest in the cryptocurrency market but 
does not have the relevant skills or the time to watch the markets all day long. Just fund your account with 
cryptocurrency, convert it to Dank Tokens and our automated trading system will begin working for you.



 

 The total market capitalization is currently split between Bitcoin and Altcoins with majority market shares 
generally fluctuating between the two. With over 1,300+ currencies and 7,000+ markets, it’s no surprise that the 125+ 
cryptocurrency exchanges have exceptional daily volume. Although the exchanges have varying merits, they typically 
have only manual trading tools, so anyone looking to truly capitalise on the markets needs to be chained to their 
computers 24hr a day, 7 days a week – as cryptocurrencies trade day and night. 

If you looked at the top cryptocurrency exchanges at the time of writing this paper, the combined 24hr trading volume 
as displayed and calculated on www.coinmarketcap.com was in excess of $63 billion USD. 

Some of the top cryptocurrency exchanges have reported to be growing by 1,000 to 3,000 new customers on 
a daily basis. Other platforms require users to be fully knowledgeable on crypto trading and the developments 
occurring within the projects to ensure maximum profits. These trading platforms  usually facilitate what is known as 
pump and dumps, without any in depth trading knowledge or direct communication options, investors to these groups 
/communities can quickly find themselves alienated and trapped in a scam coin suffering a market dump by the team, 
new customers don’t  understand the risk involved and proves to be financially draining and only profitable for the early 
birds. 

You need to understand the complexities of trading,as well as  rapidly growing cryptocurrency market.To be 
successful with trading, you need to be constantly monitoring your trades and know what you are analyzing. To utilise 
other platforms - you need programming skills which add additional complexity and yet another barrier to entry. With 
new currencies being created every day, there is much to learn for all traders. To find this information, lots of research 
is required, which also consumes valuable time. 

Dank Signals solves this problem by breaking down a full analysis on each discovery so the consumer requires little 
prior knowledge of trading practices or trend analysis. Users simply need to fund their accounts with dank tokens to 
begin receiving their automated rewards after selecting the coins they wish to trade. Users will also be provided an 
option to submit a trading trends that they have discovered for review. We provide direct consulting access with expert 
trade analysts which gives the user the option to directly connect with experts to verify an analysis they have 
discovered on their own, or any questions they have,  while ensuring they are learning along the way. Consult-trading 
allows users to view a full explanation of trades being executed ranging from developmental updates -  to how we 
actually analyzed the full market trend. 



 

Investment Marketplaces are online platforms which enable user to invest directly to earn a reward. 
Unlike banks, Investment Marketplaces find ways to generate money aside from directly providing profits to 
investors. As such, they do not bear any risk to their balance sheets. They generate revenue in alternative 
methods for their investors to receive a ROI.

Peer-to-Peer Investing is the practice of matching small investors and opportunists through online platforms. 
Investors are often able to gain access to earnings quickly, and typically at higher and faster rates than those 
offered by traditional means, making it an attractive alternative to mainstream investments These investments are 
often comprised of many different investors, ranging from individual verified traders to institutional traders. 
Individual and professional investors benefit by being able to contribute funds and receive an alternative return 
worth a potential greater value which they can choose to sell or trade or other investments. money at a range of 
interest rates based on proprietary and approved credit scores assigned by their respective balances. 

Since investors typically fund only a portion of a loan and spread the amount they loan across many borrowers, 
investors can potentially receive steady, attractive returns while spreading risk across multiple borrowers. 

P2P investing has experienced rapid growth as borrowers seek better alternatives to banks. The global investing 
marketplace market is projected to reach $290bn. by 2020, with an expected compound annual growth rate of 51% 
from 2014-2020.



 
Artificial intelligence is designed as software that recreates and replicates  the activity of the human brain 

and how it processes and understands information. These AI models are particularly useful for predicting future 
events when trained on historical data. 

The use of these technologies has greatly improved data science and data analyses which has recently become 
increasingly effective for certain tasks when compared to traditional algorithms based on hard coded rules and 
pure statistical analysis. Artificial intelligence as an evolving field, and represents the largest opportunity for staying 
ahead in any market where competition makes innovation necessary. 

Artificial Intelligence has been around for many years, and investments in Artificial Intelligence-based startups is 
not a new thing. Since 2012, the number of deals and dollars contributed to Artificial Intelligence startups has been 
on the rise, and 2016 was a record year for startups globally. The chart below displays the increasing funding 
rounds of AI startups over the last 5 years

Artificial intelligence has been used for over 18 years in traditional financial market trading, to generate 
additional returns for many hedge funds and banks. This trend is expected to continue. For investment and trading 
decisions, financial services have recently been adopting AI tools. Capable of processing and comprehending data 
faster than any human, the potential for both high-frequency trading and longer-term predictions based on 
intelligent intuitions leads to substantially greater captured profits.

Our intelligent bot will available for leasing prior to the token sale launch  and fully capable of self-programming 
and reprogramming to match changes in the market, adjusting indicator weights, and continuous optimization as 
an agent motivated solely on maximizing the traders hourly return rate.



 What is Dank Signals?

Dank Signals is an user-friendly learning, investing, trading and growth experience platform. Utilizing Dank 
Signals removes the probability of human error, excludes emotional decisions caused by in-experience and importantly 
saves you from having to memorise complex trading strategies & learning/testing new abilities at the same time on a 
live-market. What’s more, experienced or successful traders can make additional revenue in the form of DANK tokens by 
leasing common trade analysis explanations/lessons to other customers through the Dank Signal operations

 This allows complete beginners to learn with confidence and ease by leasing these strategy lessons from the Dank 
Signal operations. Everything in the Signal operations has live metrics to show how the strategies have been performed, 
and ratings showing which strategies are the most popular. Inside the Dank Signals ecosystem, community members will 
be able to share cryptocurrency information, insight and views, ask questions and learn from fellow traders in our built in 
social trading network. Users will also be able to like and rate content. 

What’s different about Dank Signals? 

• Social trading network allows users to learn from, discuss and connect with other traders.
• Trading lessons with detailed explanations of what is actually occuring during trades and what to look for on your own.
• Direct consulting access with Expert trade analysts 24/7 ,365 days a year
• Automated crypto-investing - we are creating an option to invest your funds to expert traders in our platform for profits. 
The loan bot is zero-risk as the loans are 100%  backed by the investors own cryptocurrency pre-funded to their account.
• Earn DANK tokens by signing up for one of our four tier investment packages and vesting your allocation or also by 
referring friends.
• Multi-coin trading allows users to select multiple coins to trade against while also providing the ability to block certain 
coins from being trading with their investment.
• Simulated setting allows you to test your strategies over a live market trend in real time without using real currency, this 
allows user to gain confidence within the markets.
• Option to purchase & utilize artificial intelligence trading bots directly with personal bittrex account via API  that are 
quick and easy to set up with your own trading requirements or choose from a preselection of settings.
• Easy to set up with no programming skills required. Prior trading knowledge is not required.
• Users can choose from over 30 available trade indicators to help maximise their trading growth.
• Add over 25 safety configurations to test your strategy while limiting or prevent any losses
• Choose between different trading modes (invest, live-market, practice)
• Arbitrage trading makes profits by trading the different coin prices between exchanges within the system. 
• Set parameters for gains in BTC markets or USDT markets. 
• Automatic Configuration - Allow the algorithm to decide what is the best method to utilize
• Lightweight decentralized application DAPP - secure, fast and accessible on the go for all customers



 How do you access Dank Signals?
Domain - 

 You can access Dank Signals directly through our domain. We’ve created a fast and simple sign-up 
process. Because Dank Signals never holds any actual fiat currency, we don’t need to perform any lengthy 
identification checks, so customers can be up and running in a matter of minutes, funding their accounts with any 
cryptocurrency they hold that is available for funding.

 Simply create your account, then follow the simple step-by-step instructions to fund your Dank Signals account 
with ETH. Convert your loaded ETH into Dank Tokens (DANK) on our live exchange market,  or load tokens 
previously bought from a P2P exchange to gain full access to our exclusive Dank Signals ecosystem after the 
token sale.

DAPP - 
 You can access Dank Signals  directly through our Decentralized Application (DAPP) once we have 
launched into the public.Users will be able to view token balances - quickly send or receive DANK tokens between 
dapp wallets with zero transaction costs. Users will gain direct on the go access to trade information with an 
archive of current and past charts/signals.

With on the go direct consulting and support access 24/7, public community group chat and daily top coin picks - 
you can be sure your in the dankest place at any time.

The Dank Signals ecosystem has its own form of reward tokens called DANK Tokens (DANK). Every 
purchase, lease, investment,membership, exchange, reward or fee made in the ecosystem will require the 

use of DANK Tokens rather than fiat or alternative cryptocurrencies.

How do you use Dank Signals ?

Once you’ve funded your Dank Signals account with ETH, it will convert those funds to DANK tokens so 
you can begin utilizing the key functions. You will need to fund your account first, then you will gain access to our 
exclusive eco-system -  which hosts access to our member-only direct trade consulting, you can sign up for one of 
our investment opportunities to receive weekly dividends on trades we execute, or set-up smart-trading which 
utilizing artificial intelligence bots to run automated trades on pre-selected coins. Simply proceed to the DANK 
Signal operations and choose from the wide range  available options & strategies or have a run at creating your 
own custom operation that others can learn from -  for more experienced traders only.

Using our smart-trading options, you can run trial-tests to see how the bot strategy you submitted would have 
performed over live-markets in TESTNET function. When you’re ready, you can set your trading parameters and 
let the bot do the rest, or choose from the fully automated functions and allow the Dank Signals algorithm to work 
its magic. You’ll be able to watch the bot buying and selling in real-time. The outcome of the trade will 
automatically sync with your account and also show in your Dank trading activity in real-time, rewarding you with 
DANK Tokens as profits are obtained, which can be later converted to ETH/BTC and withdrawn from the 
ecosystem  once the vesting time has surpassed. 



Ease of token generation & use once participating in the platform ecosystem

 

❖ Fund account for automatic crypto-trading & receive tokens as representation of your investment.
❖ Earn tokens as representation of your earnings within the ecosystem by investing to approved expert traders. 
❖ Lease trading strategies to other customers.
❖ Purchase and utilise automated trading using the token.
❖ Manually input trades to execute wealth accumulation and gains in form of tokens.
❖ Purchase a 4-tier investment package in the form of tokens and complete vesting allocations for dividend ROI. 
❖ Earn DANK tokens for creating content within Signal operations or as reward for inviting friends.
❖ Stake your tokens to receive a portion of new token creations within the ecosystem

The development framework and language 

For the first time in history, an immutable, decentralized ledger exists on a global scale, eliminating the need 
for middlemen, complex auditing systems, and long settlement times. Open (permissionless) protocols mean 
settlements no longer depend on connecting fragmented legacy systems. Additionally, because the ledger is 
append-only (existing records are immutable), it provides a high degree of accountability, with blockchain timestamping 
built-in. The most commonly used methods for ensuring consensus on a blockchain are Proof of Work and Proof of 
Stake. They ensure truthful consensus by making the costs of manipulating the network greater than the profit to be 
made from such deceitful transactions.

Dank Signals is backed by the latest Ethereum Blockchain Technology that executes functions via smart-contract 
calling. Without the need for human interference or execution, you can assure all transactions within the ecosystem  will 
be precisely executed by artificial intelligence with guaranteed results.



Dank Signals Monetization Model

  

● Automated crypto-investing/staking
● Bot lease and utilisation 
● Trade Strategy model leasing
● Token purchase/vesting
● Referrals



Automated Crypto-Investing/Staking

This is NOT a profit sharing investment platform. This is a token staking/generation investment platform. 
Participating users are eligible to receive new tokens from the smart contract on a fixed output based on the 
investment iter of choosen. No new DANK tokens shall be created otherwise.

You can invest directly in the Dank Signals Investment Platform exclusively from the Dank Signals 
Dashboard. Your investment will be converted to DANK tokens based on the value at the time of conversion. You 
will receive monthly profits based on the USD value of your initial investment, paid in DANK tokens only, in a new 
style of fair-play staking mechanism that is fairly rewarded for members based on the size of their investment - 
which you can immediately withdrawal and exchange to any other cryptocurrency of your choosing. You can also 
purchase DANK tokens directly from a P2P Exchange, fund your dank account instantly, and begin to receive 
staking rewards of the same revenue model by holding the tokens in your Dank Signals Dashboard for the 
corresponding vesting lock-up period. 

Upon completion of the vesting term, you will receive your initial capital back at the same value, as well the option 
to withdrawal your initial investment  from the Dank Signals Investment Platform or an option reinvest back in the 
investing platform to further compound your portfolio and continue receiving monthly DANK profits, while receiving 
the ability to withdrawal the new Dank tokens from your dashboard instantly.

Bot leasing and utilisation 

Within the Dank Ecosystem, users will be able to directly lease our AI automated trading bot.Users will 
purchase the bot using DANK tokens. User can utilise for periods of time and connect it to their exchange accounts 
via API configurations to profit from automatic order execution. OUR BOTS DO NOT STORE API’S AND ONLY 
TRADE ON ONE COIN, THE COIN YOU SELECT FOR MAXIMUM SECURITY. This works by simultaneously 
buying and selling a coin/token to ensure profit from the price differences within an allocated time frame. 
Information is withdrawn from our expert trade analysts as well as submitted community data for algorithm 
configuration for executions. 

This investment option allows you directly and individually profit from out Artificial Intelligence Trading bots on a 
public market. Simply purchase a leasing option within our Bot Operations to gain access, connect your account 
and configure your trade settings. Users will have the option to choose from a wide range of trading parameters 
and utilise many available trade tools. You can select from BTC, ETH, or USDT markets on any coin available on 
the chosen exchange.  Once set up, our artificial intelligence trading bots will go to work on the coins utilising the 
settings you select, generating profits directly into your exchange account. Since the bot utilises API configurations 
only, it doesn't provide any ability to withdrawal from your account This can only be done manually by the user 
within their exchange account for maximum protection.

Our trading bots also do not store your API keys for extreme protection of your account. You will need to submit 
your API key each time you utilise our trading bots.



 Lease your trade strategies
Users have the option to sell or lease trade strategies and lessons to other users to help them gain 

expertise.  Approximately 3% of the transaction fee is automatically paid to Dank Signals for managing the exchange 
of knowledge, the rest is paid to the customer who created the strategy in DANK tokens. The strategy is fully 
secured, this stops people attempting to copy the strategy for free or illegally distributing it outside of the ecosystem.

Example of a leasing transaction within the DANK Signal operations - Scenario A - user decides to make the 
strategy available to lease in DANK Signal operations for a fee of 50 DANK tokens . The purchasing user would fund 
their account properly to acquire the amount of DANK tokens to pay the leasing fee. In this example the leasing fee 
is decided at 50 DANK tokens. 

Dank Signals  commissions 3% of the sale therefore 50 x 0.03% = 1.5 Dank. Dank Signals would automatically 
receive 1.5 DANK tokens as commission for hosting the data sharing, while the submitting user would receive the 
remaining 48.5 DANK tokens. The same strategy can be leased to multiple learning-users at one time for 
stacked/accumulated DANK token earnings. Three leases on the same operation would result in 145.5 DANK tokens 
being awarded to the Leaser, with  4.5 DANK tokens being commissioned to Dank Signals.

Users are immediately able to convert DANK tokens on our website into ETH/BTC and instantly withdraw the 
revenue they have earned in the ecosystem.

Referrals -  general public

 Customer may receive a reward or benefit, such as extra tokens, by spreading the word about us. Please 
refer to bounty program.

ICO Airdrop - 

Spread the good word about the Dank Signals Platform on social media & blog forms and we will give you 
150 DANK tokens immediately once the platform is launched. You will be able to immediately convert these tokens 
on a public exchange and withdrawal altcoins of your choosing or you can utilize them within the ecosystem.

Invite a friend incentive - 

We will offer incentives to customers for inviting their friends to use Dank Signals. For every new friend that 
joins the Dank Investment tiers, both parties will receive 150 free referral tokens to use within the Dank Signals 
ecosystem or they can sell/convert these tokens if they choose to do so. Subject to individual manual account 
validation of referrals.



 Bonuses within ecosystem for investment tier participants only.

Consulting Access

Direct Investment Participants will be eligible to receive direct one-on-one 24/7 trade consulting, as well 
as users wishing to subcribe to our consulting group, paying in DANK tokens. Our highly educated and 
experienced team of market analysts will directly assist you with anything related to crypto markets. Whether you 
need help setting up, understanding a market analysis or wish to learn how to execute with precision on your own, 
our expert analysts and support will be there to help your grow in the most efficient and effective ways.

Trade executions/technical analysis

Members will gain access to a wide range a full technical analysis performed on an open market by our 
team. Participants  will have the full transparency to see exactly what we execute on for capitalization with full 
details of the analysis and how we came to our decisions. 

This will help users grow their portfolios on their own time, individually at their own pace while ensuring they truly 
understand what is going on and are provided with an outlet to practice and learn prior to making any decisions. 
Users will also be able to share their own technical analysis within the ecosystem with the potential to have 
effective analysis algorithms inputted directly into our bot strategies for the public to benefit from utilisation.

Practice strategies on testnet over live market trends.

Do you have a trade strategy that you feel is perfect but you are nervous to test it over the live market 
using real currency? Dank Signals will provide users with options to utilise the trading bot, and  trade strategies 
that they have studied or created on a testnet market, feeding real chart data & statistics to provide accurate 
results for the configurations they have designed. By utilising this feature, traders will be able to gain confidence 
and expertise within market analyzations to execute with precision without putting risk of their valuable 
possessions/investments of cryptocurrency.



 
Token Specifications 

Erc-20 token
New tokens created as new participants contribute funds into Dank Signals investment tiers, providing 

tokens as representation of holdings & new tokens for profits, once platform is live.

New tokens via in-house POS - Investing & trade earnings only
The DANK token is an ERC-20 standard-based Ethereum token. DANK tokens grant users the ability to 

participate and utilise many functions inside the DANK ecosystem. Dank tokens will be offered via ICO for 6 
weeks. The private sale will start on April 20th,2018 and end after 14 days,  200,000,000 DANK tokens will sell @ 
0.01USD. The Pre sale and Public sales will proceed on May 11th,  7 days after the Private Sale ending. DANK 
ICO is conducted by Dank Signals - the first online platform for crypto trading knowledge, lesson & teaching, 
strategy leasing, investing, consulting & much more.  The offering will be open to the global public. Distribution of 
the initial supply for the ICO will be as followed.

Distribution - initial supply 1,000,000,000 DANK
100,000,000 DANK -   10% 100,000 ALPHA bot function testers (1000 tokens each)
200,000,000 DANK -  20% Pre Sale 
500,000,000 DANK -  50 % ICO
50,000,000 DANK  -  5% Bounties, Airdrop & Referrals 
30,000,000 DANK - 3% Infrastructure & Expansions
20,000,000 DANK - 2% Marketing Expansion Project

 100,000,000 DANK -  10% Team Fund - Locked for 1.5 years
 Max Capped Supply - 25,000,000,000 DANK (25 Bil)

The ICO
The DANK token ICO will be held in six rounds. Starting on May 11th, each round will last for 7 days - or 

until all tokens in that round have sold - whichever comes first. At that time. the next round will begin at the start of 
the following week. Round 1 will begin the private sale at 1 DANK = 0.01USD, rising the token price to 0.03 USD 
for the opening of round two - the pre sale, then increasing by 0.01 USD per round moving forward to the public, 
until the entire ICO has completed. The private sale will only be available for minimum contributions of $1000.00 

USD (min 100,000 DANK), Each user will be limited to a maximum contribution of $50,000 USD per round to allow 
everyone a fair chance at contributing. 

Private Sale  - Round ONE; 200,000,000 DANK tokens priced @ 0.01USD, ending once sold.
-14 day break-

Pre Sale - Round TWO; 100,000,000 DANK tokens priced @ 0.03 USD - begins 14 days after private sale 
ending.

Round THREE; 100,000,000 DANK tokens priced @ 0.04 USD - begins 7 days after last round start date.
Round FOUR; 100,000,000 DANK tokens priced @ 0.05 USD - begins 7 days after last round start date.
Round FIVE; 100,000,000 DANK tokens priced @ 0.06 USD - begins 7 days after last round start date.
Round SIX; 100,000,000 DANK tokens priced @ 0.07 USD - begins 7 days after last round  start date.

Presale Bonuses

The DANK private sale is open to everyone for contributions above $1000.00 USD and will offer the 
following bonuses for minimum contributions.
10% token bonus = $5,000.00+ contributions
20% token bonus = $10,000+ contributions.
40% token bonus = $25,000+ contributions.

The ICO will proceed with no added bonuses and will accept Bitcoin, Litecoin, & Ethereum as contribution payment 
methods.



 

 



Contact;

Website; https://danksignals.club

Email; danksignals@gmail.com 

Telegram; https://t.me/danksignals

Twitter;  https://twitter.com/dank_signals

Facebook; https://facebook.com/danksignals 

Steem-it; https://steemit.com/@danksignals

https://danksignals.club
mailto:danksignals@gmail.com
http://t.me/danksignals
http://twitter.com/dank_signals
http://facebook.com/danksignals
http://steemit.com/@danksignals

