











































DENT_ICO_Whitepaper_V2


Token	sale	Whitepaper	10	July	2017	

Copyright	©2017	DENT	WIRELESS	LTD	

TOKENIZING AND LIBERATING THE 
MOBILE DATA MARKET	

	 	



	

1	
	

	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	

“We	are	here	to	put	a	DENT	in	the	Universe.”	
Steve	Jobs	

	
	
	 	



	

2	
	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	
	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	



	

3	
	

	

Table	of	Contents	
	

1.	 Executive	summary	..............................................................................................................................	4	

2.	 About	the	Company	.............................................................................................................................	6	

2.1	 The	DENT	Wireless	Team	.............................................................................................................	6	

2.2	 The	DENT	Advisory	Team	.............................................................................................................	8	

3.	 Power	to	the	people	–	telco’s	most	valuable	asset	..............................................................................	9	

4.	 Our	roadmap	to	launch	and	scale	DENT	............................................................................................	10	

5.	 The	world-wide	currency	for	mobile	data	exchange	–	The	DENT	Token	...........................................	11	

6.	 DENT	for	developing	markets	–	"Gigabytes	for	Africa"	......................................................................	12	

7.	 The	DENT	Token	sale	details	..............................................................................................................	13	

8.	 Driving	forces	for	appreciation	or	depreciation	of	the	DENT	Token	..................................................	15	

9.	 DENT	leveraging	key	drivers	of	the	telco	industry	.............................................................................	16	

9.1	 Key	drivers	and	trends	in	the	telecommunications	industry	—Pre-cursors	to	a	“perfect	storm”	
for	DENT	Wireless	.......................................................................................................................	16	

9.2	 Why	Mobile	Roaming	up	for	disruption	–	and	the	role	of	DENT	................................................	20	

9.3	 Summary	of	mobile	operator	benefits:	Revenue	increase	at	lower	cost	...................................	21	

10.	 Technology	–	Architecture	.............................................................................................................	22	

10.1	 Architecture	Overview	...............................................................................................................	22	

10.2	 Component	Overview	................................................................................................................	22	

10.3	 DENT	Exchange	Component	Structure’	......................................................................................	23	

10.4	 Ethereum	smart	contracts	..........................................................................................................	25	

10.5	 Virtual	Operator	/	Telco	.............................................................................................................	25	

11.	 Technology	-	DENT	exchange	use	cases	&	workflows	....................................................................	26	

11.1	 User-to-user	data	package	transactions	.....................................................................................	26	

11.2	 Telco	data	roaming,	data	package	transfer	from	user	to	user	internationally	...........................	27	

11.3	 DENT	Exchange	Initial	Data	Offering	(IDO)	for	telcos	.................................................................	27	

12.	 Summary	........................................................................................................................................	28	

	 	



	

4	
	

1. Executive	summary	
The	 world	 is	 changing,	 barriers	 are	 falling,	 the	 usage	 of	 the	 Ethereum	 Blockchain	 and	 Smart	
Contracts	 is	 removing	 the	middle-men	and	 reducing	 costs	 across	 several	 industries.	 Banks	 are	
changing	the	way	they	do	transactions	while	the	industry	is	reducing	complexity	in	manufacturing,	
supply	chain	and	 logistics.	This	white	paper	describes	 the	DENT	Exchange	we	are	building:	 the	
transparent	marketplace	for	selling,	buying	and	donating	mobile	data	packages.	

	

Mobile	data	is	the	next	commodity	to	be	liberated	

Mobile	data	access	is	becoming	an	essential	human	need,	as	much	as	hot	water	and	electricity.	
However,	according	to	GSMA,	 in	2016	still	 less	than	half	of	the	world’s	population	uses	mobile	
data.	For	data	users,	usage	vary	vastly	across	geographies,	which	shows	the	huge	potential	to	be	
unlocked.	Reasons	are,	besides	network	availability	and	handset	affordability,	the	perceived	high	
cost	of	data,	which	varies	from	below	1	USD	/	GB	to	well	above	10	USD	/	GB	between	operators	
and	regions	for	domestic	usage.	Furthermore,	operators	are	locking-in	customers	with	rigid	data	
offerings	that	are	made	to	expire	when	unused	within	a	given	time,	which	 lead	to	even	higher	
prices	/	GB	that	customers	effectively	pay.	As	a	consequence	of	the	customer	lock-in,	data	usage	
abroad	can	become	prohibitively	expensive	with	prices	/	GB	in	the	hundreds	or	thousands	of	USD.	
All	this	generates	billions	of	dollars	profit	for	operators	but	inhibits	unlocking	the	full	potential	of	
mobile	data.	

	

	

We	 want	 users	 to	 own	 their	 mobile	 data	 and	 bandwidth.		
They	need	to	be	able	to	freely	sell	or	donate	unused	data	to	other	users.		

World-wide.	
	
	
Three	Disruption	Megatrends	on	Mobile	Operator	Business	that	DENT	is	addressing	

	
1.	Liberation	of	Mobile	Data.	DENT	enables	a	“Data	Sharing	Economy”	where	users	are	able	to	
freely	buy,	sell	and	donate	their	mobile	data,	from	any	user	to	any	user.	The	DENT	Exchange	acts	
as	 horizontal	marketplace	 for	 trading	 of	mobile	 data.	 The	DENT	 Token	will	 be	 the	world-wide	
currency	for	Mobile	Data	between	telcos	and	the	user	community.		

2.	Disruption	of	international	Roaming.	DENT	facilitates	the	removal	of	data	roaming	cost	drivers,	
such	as	expensive	routings	between	telcos.	For	example,	with	 local	data	break-out,	the	foreign	



	

5	
	

telco	terminates	the	user	traffic	directly	to	the	 internet,	 instead	of	routing	the	pay-load	to	the	
home	telco.	

3.	 Facilitation	 of	mobile	 data	 purchase.	 DENT	 enables	 automated	 purchase	 capability	 of	 data	
packages	 for	 consumers	 and	 IoT	 devices.	 The	 user	 always	 gets	 the	 best	 price	 from	 the	most	
suitable	operator	in	his	region,	without	having	to	worry	about	buying	too	much	or	too	little	data.	
Operators	can	easily	connect	with	the	DENT	platform	to	serve	a	global	customer	base,	without	the	
need	to	establish	silo'ed	own	platforms.	

	

DENT	driven	liberation	of	the	mobile	data	market	towards	an	open	marketplace	

DENT	will	be	the	global	exchange	for	mobile	data	where	-	in	the	final	scale	-	the	world’s	mobile	
data	is	sold,	bought	or	donated,	just	like	other	commodities	such	as	currencies	are	traded	today.	
DENT	will	make	data	pricing	transparent,	and	through	automated	bidding	increases	efficiency	of	
purchase,	just	like	spot	markets	and	mobile	advertising	today.	

DENT	Tokens	will	be	the	global	currency	for	the	exchange	of	mobile	data	packages.	The	possibility	
of	exchanging	a	package	to	a	more	suitable	one,	especially	in	the	advent	of	eSIMs	will	allow	the	
use	of	multiple	operators	on	a	single	phone	will	drive	telcos	to	compete.	

	

Mobile	Data	Liberation	–	DENT	aims	to	turn	unused	$4.8	Billion	USD	per	month	into	usage	

According	to	a	recent	study	of	CISCO,	the	world-wide	mobile	data	grew	year	on	year	63%	to	7.2	
billion	Gigabytes	per	month	in	December	2016.	According	to	a	study	of	Parks	Associates,	mobile	
operator	 data	 revenues	 stood	 at	 $386	 billion	 USD	 in	 2015,	 equivalent	 to	 $32	 billion	 USD	 per	
month.	Assuming	just	15%	to	be	unused	due	to	expiry,	in	a	way	users	lost	a	value	of	$4.8	billion	
USD.	In	a	more	transparent	and	connected	market,	this	value	shall	be	unlocked	to	drive	mobile	
data	usage.	

References:	CISCO	study	about	data	traffic:	http://bit.ly/1W26UQo		
Parks	Associates	Study	of	Mobile	Data	Revenue	2015-2010:	http://bit.ly/2sGwaar	

	
Layperson	comparison	to	gasoline	

The	gasoline	market	is	also	controlled	by	a	few	companies,	but	if	you	buy	100	liters	of	gasoline,	
you	can	use	the	gasoline	as	you	want	or	pass	it	on	as	you	like.	This	is	unlike	mobile	data	today,	
where	you	cannot	give	your	unused	capacity	to	someone	else.	Some	roll-over	or	pooling	has	been	
introduced	but	these	remain	islands	and	–	in	the	case	of	data	roll-over,	data	will	still	expire	if	not	
used	in	the	following	month.	



	

6	
	

2. About	the	Company	
DENT	Wireless	Ltd,	based	in	Hong	Kong,	was	founded	in	2014	as	Commando	Coder	Ltd	when	Tero	
Katajainen	decided	to	develop	an	automated	FOREX	trading	system	with	built-in	risk	management	
functions.	Parts	of	this	product	are	now	being	integrated	into	the	DENT	Exchange	to	allow	buying,	
selling,	and	donating	of	mobile	data	packages	on	the	marketplace.	In	2017,	the	other	founders	
invested	in	the	company	and	joined	Tero	in	the	adventure	to	develop	and	bring	DENT	Exchange	
to	the	world.	

	

2.1 The	DENT	Wireless	Team	
The	DENT	Team	is	a	unique	combination	of	serial	entrepreneurs,	industry	veterans,	specialists	in	
Ethereum	smart	contracts,	open-source	applications,	payment	systems,	mobile	apps	and	secure	
large-scale	transaction	systems.		

Tero	Katajainen,	CEO	and	Founder	

DENT	Wireless	 CEO	 and	 Founder,	 Tero	 Katajainen,	 originating	 from	
Finland,	has	co-founded	several	Internet	startups	in	his	20-year	career.	
He	 holds	 a	Master	 of	 Science	 degree	 in	 Electrical	 Engineering	 from	
University	 of	 Tampere,	 Finland.	 His	 deep	 knowledge	 about	 FOREX	
trading	systems	is	a	big	advantage	for	DENT.	Tero	was	also	one	of	the	
first	 developers	 ever	 to	 implement	 direct	mobile	 operator	 payment	
systems	 to	 consumer	 applications.	 As	 a	 specialist	 for	 transactional	
systems	and	Blockchain,	Tero	is	the	mastermind	of	all	tech	at	DENT.	

	

Mikko	Linnamäki,	Co-Founder	

DENT	Wireless	 is	 backed	 by	Mikko	 Linnamäki,	 Internet	 pioneer	 and	
serial	entrepreneur	with	a	track	record	of	founding	successful	Internet	
businesses	 since	 1994.	 	 Mikko,	 also	 from	 Finland,	 is	 Co-founder	 of	
DOVECOT	 Oy,	 the	 company	 behind	 DOVECOT,	 the	 world‘s	 most	
popular	 IMAP	 Server	with	 a	world	market	 share	 of	 72%	 and	over	 4	
million	installations.	An	estimated	2,5	billion	users	are	entrusting	their	
Email	storage	to	Dovecot	every	day.	Mikko	recently	received	a	patent	
for	his	invention	"Ad	Hoc	Injection	of	IMAP	Objects".		

	



	

7	
	

Andreas	Vollmer,	Co-Founder	

Andreas	 is	 the	 Mobile	 specialist	 in	 the	 team	 with	 12	 years’	
experience	developing	Mobile	Apps,	 from	Symbian	 in	2005	 to	 iOS	
and	Android	today.	Andreas	is	Co-Founder	of	leading	German	mobile	
app	development	 company	 TDSoftware,	which	 is	 developing	 apps	
for	 companies	 such	 as	Mercedes-Benz,	 Audi,	 Deutsche	 Post,	 GLS,	
and	others.	Andreas	 is	also	an	expert	 in	mobile	CRM	systems,	and	
will	 deploy	 the	 latest	 tools	 to	 analyze	 user	 behavior	 in	 order	 to	
accelerate	user	growth	and	hit	target	metrics.	

	

	

						Michael	Wirth,	Director	Payment	Systems,	GM	UK	&	Ireland	

Michael	is	taking	care	of	the	perfect	flow,	analytics,	and	easy	user	
experience	for	the	exchange	of	DENT	Tokens	in	our	customer-	and	
carrier-facing	applications	on	mobile,	Web	and	M2M.	Michael	has	
20	years	of	experience	 in	 large-scale	transaction	projects.	He	was	
Director	 of	 Products	 and	 Services	 at	 eNett	 International,	 a	
Travelport	company	and	leading	specialist	for	payment	solutions	in	
the	travel	industry.	

	

	

	Ville	Sundell,	Smart	Contract	Specialist	

Ville	is	a	Finnish	smart	contract	developer	who	has	pioneered	smart	
contract	 based	 legal	 entities,	 being	 the	 first	 to	 create	 companies	
solely	on	the	Ethereum	blockchain	without	any	human	intervention	
through	Etherprises	LLC.	Ville	has	over	10	years	of	experience	on	
limited	 and	 mission	 critical	 embedded	 systems	 ranging	 from	
automotive	 to	 mobile	 systems,	 being	 the	 ideal	 background	 for	
secure	smart	contract	development.		

	

	

	



	

8	
	

2.2 The	DENT	Advisory	Team	
	

Dr.	Rainer	Deutschmann,	Advisor	

Rainer	 advises	 DENT	 Wireless	 on	 how	 to	 create	 a	 long-term	
sustainable	 and	 scalable	 business	which	 creates	 a	win-win	 for	 all	
market	participants	–	customers,	telcos	and	DENT.	He	brings	in	20	
years	 of	 experience	 in	 consulting,	 telco	 and	 tech	 industries,	 at	
companies	 like	 McKinsey,	 Deutsche	 Telekom	 and	 Reliance	 In-
dustries.	Rainer	held	senior	executive	positions	in	strategy,	product	
and	 innovation	 across	 mature	 and	 developing	 markets.	 Most	
recently,	 as	 Chief	 Product	 &	 Innovation	 Officer,	 Rainer	 with	 his	
fellow	 leadership	 team	 launched	 Reliance	 Jio,	 the	 25	 billion	 EUR	
telecom	and	digital	services	venture	of	Reliance,	and	acquired	100	
million	customers	within	six	months.	Jio	disrupts	the	telco	landscape	
to	democratize	mobile	broadband	for	the	1.3	billion	people	in	India.	

	
Ransu	Salovaara,	CEO	of	TokenMarket	

Ransu	 is	 a	 financial	 industry	 executive	 specializing	 in	 crypto-
currencies,	digital	assets,	and	blockchain	technology.	He	launched	
Europe’s	 first	 Bitcoin-backed	 Exchange	 Traded	 Instrument,	
BitcoinETI,	that	is	listed	on	the	Gibraltar	Stock	Exchange	as	well	as	
traded	on	the	Frankfurt	Stock	Exchange.	TokenMarket	 is	an	 infor-
mation,	crowdsale,	and	exchange	platform	for	digital	assets.		

	

Mikko	Ohtamaa,	CTO	of	TokenMarket.net,	crypto	technology	
specialist	

Mikko	 is	 Co-Founder	 and	 CTO	 of	 TokenMarket	 and	 an	 early	
blockchain	 and	 Bitcoin	 expert,	 as	 well	 as	 Python	 and	 JavaScript	
developer	and	an	Open	Source	advocate,	 taking	care	of	 the	back	
end	systems	of	the	Token	Sales	on	their	platform.	

	 	



	

9	
	

3. Power	to	the	people	–	telco’s	most	valuable	asset	
DENT	gathers	mobile	operators’	users	 into	a	 collective	group	with	billion	dollar	buying	power,	
giving	targeted	global	partnerships	sufficient	weight	

The	most	valuable	asset	for	the	mobile	operators	is	you,	the	customer.	The	value	of	a	customer	is	
determined	by	his	average	spend	per	month	 (ARPU),	how	 long	he	stays	with	an	operator	 (the	
inverse	of	what	is	called	“churn	rate”),	and	the	customer	acquisition	and	retention	cost.	Taking	
global	averages	of	about	10	USD	per	month	blended	ARPU,	a	25%	annual	churn	rate,	and	customer	
acquisition	 and	 retention	 cost	 of	 20%	 of	 operator	 service	 revenues,	 the	 lifetime	 value	 of	 a	
customer	is	approx.	$460	USD.	No	operator	wants	to	risk	losing	this	value.	

	

Our	strategy	to	liberating	the	data	market	starts	with	you,	and	ensures	sufficient	negotiation	power	
with	the	telcos	

• We	invite	and	unite	users	in	the	DENT	community	
• The	 DENT	 community	 represents	 a	 “union”	 of	 telco	 customers,	 which	 leverages	 its	

collective	power	to	liberalize	mobile	data		
• The	 DENT	 team	 represents	 the	 DENT	 community	 in	 partnership	 negotiations	 with	 the	

telcos	
• Assuming	a	start	with	even	just	a	few	million	customers,	the	DENT	community	represents	

a	collective	buying	power	of	$460	USD	per	user,	reaching	hundreds	of	million	USD	at	stake	
for	a	telco	

• Telcos	will	want	to	secure	and	grow	this	value,	rather	than	handing	it	off	to	a	more	open	
and	innovative	peer	players	

	

	 	



	

10	
	

4. Our	roadmap	to	launch	and	scale	DENT	
	
Phase	1:	Development	and	DENT	user	acquisition	

• Organize	mobile	operator	customers	in	key	countries	into	a	collective	power	by	acquiring	
members	with	the	help	of	the	DENT	Token	sale	and	other	incentives,	such	as	sign-up	data	
bonus	of	operator	partners	

• Launch	 the	 DENT	 Exchange	 on	 Ethereum	 blockchain	 for	 buying,	 selling,	 and	 donating	
mobile	data	packages	

• Partner	with	telcos	to	offer	mobile	data	packages	and	enable	user-to-user	data	transfer	
	

Phase	2:	Enrich	domestic	offering	via	the	DENT	Exchange	

• Grow	DENT	community	and	operator	partner	base	to	allow	their	users	 to	 transfer	data	
packages	even	across	networks		

• For	multi-national	operator	partners,	the	DENT	Exchange	represents	an	ideal	platform	to	
facilitate	international	data	transfer	for	their	user	base	

• Enable	users	to	donate	excess	data	as	DENTs,	e.g.	to	people	in	developing	countries	
	
Phase	3:	Provide	international	data	offers	via	DENT	Exchange	

• Lobby	with	public	bodies,	such	as	EU	regulation	(which	successfully	enforced	“roam	like	at	
home”	and	removed	roaming	 fees	within	 the	EU)	and	governments	of	key	countries	 to	
discuss	rules	for	data	liberation	for	their	citizens	

• Continue	adding	more	users	to	the	network,	start	interconnecting	domestic	DENT	markets	
to	create	the	international	DENT	Exchange	

• Allow	users	to	internationally	sell	and	buy	data	packages		
• à	DENT	Token	is	the	standard	instrument	for	world-wide	mobile	data	exchange	

	

A	simple	use	case	of	how	DENT	Exchange	will	work	internationally:	

Mike	 is	 a	 customer	 of	 a	US	 carrier,	 he	 owns	 2,000	DENT	 Tokens.	 As	 he	 lands	 in	 Australia,	 he	
accesses	the	DENT	marketplace	at	the	airport	though	Wi-Fi	and	buys	the	mobile	data	he	needs.	
This	data	could,	for	example,	have	been	offered	by	Jane,	who	is	a	customer	of	an	Australian	carrier.	
Mike	needs	no	extra	agreements	with	any	carrier,	no	SIM	card	changes,	he	just	starts	to	use	his	
phone	on	the	Australian	network.		Jane	is	happy	to	earn	DENTs	and	will	spend	them	on	her	next	
trip	to	Europe	during	her	summer	holidays.	Mike’s	US	carrier	earns	transaction	fees,	and	Jane’s	
Australian	carrier	has	increased	his	utilization	against	his	respective	cost	share.	



	

11	
	

5. The	world-wide	currency	for	mobile	data	exchange	–	
The	DENT	Token	
	
The	 currency	 used	 in	 trading,	 the	 DENT	 Token,	 is	what	 powers	 the	 platform.	 The	 actual	 sale,	
purchase	 and	 donation	 of	 data	 packages	 enters	 the	 Ethereum	 blockchain,	 utilizing	 ETH.	 The	
instruments,	 i.e.	 data	 packages,	 will	 be	 Smart	 Contracts	 in	 the	 Ethereum	 blockchain.	 DENT	
Exchange	will	drive	Ethereum	Smart	Contracts,	effectively	making	the	system	a	blockchain-based	
trading	platform.	The	crowdsale	will	allow	participants	to	purchase	DENT	with	a	low	starting	price,	
before	it	becomes	used	in	the	exchange.	

Should	the	exchange	become	a	de-facto	place	for	trading	mobile	data	bandwidth,	it	would	then	
become	the	principal	method	for	determining	the	floating	price	of	mobile	data	worldwide.	Telcos,	
market	participants,	and	end-users	will	all	interact	in	a	true	market	driven	way	to	determine	the	
current	price.	Eventually	this	will	 lead	to	increased	competition,	providing	new	packages	to	the	
exchange	and	further	enable	the	DENT	Exchange	to	become	the	dominant	force	in	the	mobile	data	
space,	utilizing	the	DENT	currency.	

	

What	can	users	do	with	the	DENT	Tokens?	

• When	the	DENT	Exchange	is	live,	users	will	be	able	to	use	DENT	Tokens	to	buy	and	sell	
data	on	an	international	marketplace.	

• In	the	build-up	phase,	users	obtain	DENT	Tokens	to	participate	in	the	DENT	community	to	
use	the	collective	power	together	with	fellow	mobile	users	to	demand	data	liberation	and	
changes	in	the	way	the	telcos	do	business	with	mobile	data.	

• DENT	Tokens	can	be	acquired	at	the	crowdsale	or	later	from	marketplaces.	
• The	DENT	mobile	app	serves	as	the	central	interface	for	users	to	buy,	sell	or	donate	mobile	

data	packages.	Mobile	app	downloads	are	being	incentivized	with	DENT	Tokens.	

	
Image:	The	DENT	Mobile	App	



	

12	
	

6. DENT	for	developing	markets	–	"Gigabytes	for	Africa"	
DENT	aims	for	donations	of	unused	mobile	data	to	the	ones	that	need	it	
DENT	wants	to	help	the	developing	world	by	providing	access	to	mobile	data.	Data	packages	may	
be	 donated	 through	 the	 exchange	 by	 the	 users.	 We	 will	 look	 for	 strategic	 partnerships	 with	
operators	enabling	access	to	information	in	rural	areas.	
	
In	‘The	Sustainable	Development	Goal	9’	of	the	United	Nations,	the	UN	calls	for	building	resilient	
infrastructure,	 promoting	 inclusive	 and	 sustainable	 industrialization	 and	 fostering	 innovation.	
Mobile	data	is	specifically	mentioned	as	a	key	component	in	these	goals:	
		
“Infrastructure	 and	 economic	 development	 also	 rely	 on	 information	 and	 communications	
technology.	Mobile	 cellular	 services	 have	 spread	 rapidly	 around	 the	 world,	 allowing	 people	 in	
previously	unconnected	areas	to	join	the	global	information	society.	By	2015,	the	percentage	of	the	
population	living	in	areas	covered	by	mobile	broadband	networks	stood	at	69	per	cent	globally.	In	
rural	areas,	the	share	was	only	29	per	cent."	

Source:	Report	of	the	Secretary-General,	Progress	towards	the	Sustainable	Development	Goals,	
E/2016/75 



	

13	
	

7. The	DENT	Token	Sale	details	
• Estimated	token	value	in	ETH	offered	in	this	token	sale:	152,000	ETH,		

(subject	to	variations	through	the	crowdsale)	
• 100	Billion	(100,000,000,000)	total	DENT	Tokens	created,	of	which	70%	are	sold	in	the	

token	sale	(presale	+	public	token	sale)	
	
The	Company	will	conduct	a	public	sale	of	Tokens	(the	"Crowdsale"),	which	will	begin	at	
21:00	HKT	(13:00	UTC)	on	July	12,	2017	(the	"Crowdsale	Launch	Date")	and	end	at	06:59	
HKT	(22:59		UTC,	July	26)	on	July	27,	2017	(the	"Crowdsale	End	Date")	or	when	
70,000,000,000	DENT	("DENT")		Tokens	has	been	sold,	whichever	is	earlier.		
	

	
	

• Exchange	Rate:	1ETH	=	400,000	DENT*	
• Token	Type:	Apps	token	to	purchase	and	sell	mobile	data	packages	
• 30%	of	DENT	tokens	remain	at	the	Company	for	telco	acquisition	and	market	seeding,	user	

incentives,	salaries	and	bonuses.		
	

• Any	Tokens	that	remain	unsold	at	the	crowdsale	end	date	(26	July	2017),	will	be	added	to	
the	Company	Inventory	and	will	remain	in	a	locked	state	for	at	least	six	months	from	the	
crowdsale	end	date.	25%	of	the	total	amount	of	the	unsold	tokens	will	be	released	from	
the	lock	up	quarterly,	first	time	at	the	date	of	6	months	after	the	crowdsale	end	date.	
	

• The	Company	will	pledge	1	Billion,	or	1%	of	the	DENT	Tokens	to	further	the	
UN	SDG	program	for	the	purpose	of	enabling	mobile	data	access	in	developing	countries	



	

14	
	

	
• Bonus	 Tiers:	 	 DENT	 Bonus	 tiers	 allocate	 bonus	 tokens	 to	 buyers	 as	 per	 the	 following	

schedule	based	on	sold	volume	in	ETH:	
• Tier	1:	Up	to	45,000	ETH:	10%	tokens	as	a	bonus		
• Tier	2:	From	45,000	ETH	and	up	to	90,000	ETH:	5%	tokens	as	a	bonus		
• Tier	3:	From	90,000	ETH:	No	bonus	Tokens	

 
• No	tokens	will	ever	be	added	to	the	supply. 	
• Founders	will	not	take	any	DENT	Tokens	off	the	table.	
*	The	conversion	rate	ETH/	DENT	will	change	during	the	crowdsale	due	to	the	bonus	discounts.	This	price	is	
without	any	discounts	

	
	

Timeline	of	the	DENT	Token	sale:	

	



	

15	
	

8. Driving	forces	for	appreciation	or	depreciation	of	the	
DENT	Token	
	
As	the	DENT	Token	come	from	a	limited	pool	and	the	market	has	the	possibility	to	expand	as	more	
and	more	data	packages	are	introduced	into	DENT	Exchange	and	as	those	data	packages	have	a	
price	in	FIAT	currencies,	the	price	of	DENT	against	those	currencies	might	rise	due	to	the	growing	
demand	in	face	of	limited	supply.	For	market	participants,	this	presents	a	unique	opportunity	to	
leverage	an	existing	market.	

	
The	value	of	DENT	may	appreciate	or	depreciate		
If	mobile	data	products	are	relatively	cheaper	to	buy	from	the	DENT	Exchange	rather	than	from	
current	markets,	or	packages	become	more	attractive	due	to	f.e.x	being	able	to	sell	excess	data,	
users	will	need	to	buy	DENT	Tokens	to	buy	those	packages.	The	amount	of	DENT	available	will	not	
increase,	this	might	cause	the	value	of	DENT	to	appreciate	due	to	increased	demand,	the	supply	
being	fixed.	

With	DENT	being	the	token	in	the	mobile	data	space,	the	rate	of	appreciation	might	follow	the	size	
of	the	mobile	data	market	traded	in	DENT.	According	to	GSMA,	the	size	of	the	mobile	data	market	
is	predicted	to	increase,	larger	market	traded	in	DENT	could	lead	to	DENT	price	increase.	

In	general,	the	value	of	DENT	most	likely	reacts	to	the	market	value	of	the	data	packages	in	the	
DENT	Exchange.	

	
Risks:	Unknown	regulatory	measures	towards	cryptocurrency	and	operator	slowness	

As	the	cryptocurrency	market	 is	still	young	and	the	technology	 is	 in	 its	 infancy,	there	might	be	
issues	with	 scaling	 the	 transactions	 to	mass	market	 speed.	There	 is	 also	uncertainty	 regarding	
potential	cryptocurrency	regulations	in	the	future.	We	are	building	our	services	on	Ethereum,	and	
should	Ethereum	fail,	we	would	have	to	change	the	technology	platform	to	another	blockchain	
technology.		
	
As	we	are	disrupting	an	existing	market	of	mobile	operators,	who	provide	data	packages	to	the	
market,	 it	 can	 take	 longer	 than	 anticipated	 to	 get	 the	 marketplace	 filled	 with	 supplier-side	
products.	 



	

16	
	

9. DENT	leveraging	key	drivers	of	the	telco	industry	
9.1 Key	drivers	and	trends	in	the	telecommunications	industry	—Pre-cursors	

to	a	“perfect	storm”	for	DENT	Wireless	

9.1.1 Globalization	of	consumers	and	businesses	with	increasing	services	transparency.	

Global	travel	is	on	the	rise,	and	businesses	are	increasingly	spanning	across	multiple	geographies.	
Telecommunication	 service	 provisioning	must	 cater	 to	 those	 global	 needs,	 and	 provide	 global	
services	despite	the	local	nature	of	telecommunications	infrastructure,	leveraging	global	entities	
and	 partnerships.	 Telcos	 have	 responded	 to	 the	 globalization	 by	 forming	 regional	 and	 global	
conglomerates,	partnerships	and	joint	ventures.		

However,	there	is	no	truly	global	telco	service	today,	on	par	with	the	OTT	(Over-The-Top)	players,	
who	run	off	a	single	platform.	Telcos	have	traditionally	leveraged	local	platforms	for	local	markets.	
More	and	more,	local	platforms	are	replaced	by	global	platforms,	which	is	the	only	way	how	to	
compete	with	the	OTTs	such	as	Google,	Amazon,	Facebook,	WeChat	and	WhatsApp,	to	name	only	
few,	who	develop	once	and	scale	their	platform	globally.	Global	platform	usage	has	taken	off	in	
the	telecommunications	industry.	Examples	are	platforms	for	global	roaming,	several	white	label	
platforms	 for	 cloud	 based	 communication	 and	 other	 SaaS	 offerings,	 and	 the	 take-over	 of	 Jibe	
mobile	by	Google	to	adopt	the	GSMA	RCS	standard,	which	likely	becomes	a	core	element	within	
the	Google	Fi	proposition.	

The	solution	we	deliver:	DENT	will	provide	the	missing	global	platform	to	the	consumers,	who	are	
weary	of	being	locked	to	one	operator	in	one	country	and	of	being	limited	in	terms	of	mobile	data	
purchase	and	usage.	With	DENT	for	the	first	time	consumers	will	obtain	full	transparency	on	cost	
of	the	data	they	use,	and	they	will	have	access	to	a	global	mobile	data	pool	as	if	it	was	gasoline.	

DENT	will	also	provide	the	missing	global	platform	to	the	operator	ecosystem,	to	trade	the	key	
commodity	-	mobile	data.	The	DENT	platform	can	be	employed	locally	in	single	markets	with	single	
operators,	but	it	is	designed	to	scale	cross	operator	and	cross	geographies.	This	is	vastly	different	
from	the	traditional	telco	model	which	does	not	scale	beyond	the	realm	of	the	individual	player,	
and	provides	a	much	more	cost-efficient	platform	approach.	DENT	is	open	to	partnerships	and	will	
make	it	easy	to	partner	with	them,	with	ready	to	use	and	adaptable	interfaces.		

	

	 	



	

17	
	

9.1.2 Smartphone	adoption	and	customer	digital	services	literacy.		

Customers	now	naturally	use	their	smartphones	to	communicate	via	video,	watch	movies,	manage	
their	telco	subscription	and	to	purchase	goods	and	services.	Less	and	less	there	is	a	need	for	a	
local	POS,	and	even	voice	interaction	is	increasingly	supported	by	chat	bots.	

The	solution	we	deliver:	DENT	provides	a	fully	digital	experience,	without	the	need	to	ever	visit	any	
POS	 or	 call	 a	 call-center.	 Buying,	 selling	 and	 donating	 data	 are	 all	 easily	 facilitated	 through	 a	
smartphone	app,	which	works	in	parallel	or	–	if	the	operator	agrees	–	integrated	with	the	operator	
self-care	app	functionality	to	give	information	about	the	customer’s	actual	data	usage.	

9.1.3 Top	and	bottom-line	pressure	on	telcos	

Telcos	are	increasingly	struggling	with	maintaining	their	revenue	line.	Despite	the	data	growth	in	
users	 and	 usage,	 the	 decline	 in	 voice	 and	 SMS	 can	 hardly	 be	 compensated,	 and	 customers	
increasingly	consider	their	telco	service	as	commodity	like	electricity	and	water.	Telcos	respond	
by	trying	to	differentiate	with	products	and	partners,	but	a	sustainable	differentiation	has	surely	
been	to	deliver	an	outstanding	quality	of	service	(coverage	and	speed)	for	a	fair	price.	

Consolidation	and	retirement	of	 legacy	 technologies	 in	 telecommunications	 industry	are	 in	 full	
swing,	driven	by	the	ineffectiveness	of	building	and	maintaining	multiple	mobile	infrastructures	in	
one	geography,	especially	for	legacy	networks.	Good	recent	examples	are	in	India,	accelerated	by	
the	4G	pureplay	market	entry	of	Reliance	Jio,	where	the	#1	Bharti	Airtel	has	taken	over	several	
smaller	players,	#2	Vodafone	is	 in	process	of	merging	with	#3	Idea	Cellular,	and	#6	RCom	&	#7	
Aircel	shareholders	have	approved	their	companies’	merger.	

The	solution	we	deliver:	With	DENT	the	telcos	obtain	a	vehicle	to	differentiate	and	get	close	to	the	
consumer.	DENT	provides	a	cost-effective	distribution	channel,	and	allows	to	experiment	with	new	
pricing	schemes	to	determine	the	sweet	spot	for	data	sales.	The	cost	effectiveness	stems	from	the	
inherent	 architecture	of	being	blockchain-based	and	by	 leveraging	one	 central	platform	which	
scales	across	all	market	participants.	

9.1.4 Disruption	from	within.		

History	shows	that	untapped	profit	pools	eventually	get	disrupted.	In	the	case	of	mobile	data,	vast	
differences	in	profit	pools	exist	across	global	geographies	and	operators,	where	ARPU	levels	span	
a	factor	of	>	20x,	despite	main	cost	drivers	such	as	spectrum	and	infrastructure	being	comparable.	
T-Mobile	US	and	Reliance	Jio	are	good	examples	of	disrupting	in	their	markets	from	within,	while	
establishing	and	maintaining	profitable	business	models.	However,	 in	other	cases	short	sighted	
disruption	purely	on	pricing	was	not	sustainable,	as	the	telco	players	need	to	be	able	to	maintain	
the	required	CAPEX	for	coverage,	capacity	and	next	generation	infrastructure	provisioning.	

	 	



	

18	
	

The	solution	we	deliver:		DENT	will	allow	the	telcos	to	be	part	of	the	disruption,	rather	than	being	
disrupted	 themselves.	 Telcos	 can	 become	 part	 of	 the	 journey	 to	 a	 fully	 transparent	 and	 fair	
ecosystem.	 For	 global	 data	 usage,	 especially	 for	 IoT	 use	 cases,	 dedicated	MVNOs	 have	 been	
established.	One	example	is	Cubic	(www.cubictelecom.com)	which	serves	the	likes	of	Audi	and	HP	
for	their	global	needs.	DENT	 is	open	to	partner	with	existing	MVNOs	or	even	establish	an	own	
MVNO	if	required,	in	order	to	serve	the	global	customer	base.	

9.1.5 Regulation	in	favor	of	consumers	and	pre-cursors	of	data	sharing	economy.		

Over	the	last	years	the	regulation	in	EU	has	been	driving	down	interconnect	and	roaming	rates.	
Most	recently	the	long	anticipated	“roam	like	at	home”	proposition	is	mandated	and	took	effect	
starting	June	15,	2017	https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/roaming.	Customers	are	free	
to	use	their	data	volume	as	purchased	with	their	home	operator,	across	the	entire	EU	operator	
landscape.	Pre-cursors	of	data	sharing	propositions	are	visible	in	some	markets,	such	as	“data	roll-
over”	 to	 the	 next	 months	 for	 un-used	 data,	 data	 pooling	 within	 a	 certain	 user	 group	 (e.g.	 a	
company),	data	voucher	transfer	to	any	other	subscriber	(such	as	implemented	by	Reliance	Jio).	
However,	all	 these	solutions	are	restricted	to	a	certain	user	group,	a	certain	geography,	or	 for	
certain	data	plans.	

The	solution	we	deliver:	DENT	fuels	the	already	ongoing	movement	towards	a	greater	transparency	
and	fairness,	as	seen	with	some	operators	who	provide	sharing,	transfer	and	pooling	propositions	
for	their	customers.	With	DENT	this	will	come	to	full	fruition,	and	will	available	to	all	customers.	
DENT	will	finally	make	data	packages	comparable,	stripping	off	unnecessary	bells	and	whistles.	

9.1.6 New	technologies.	eSIM,	5G	and	IoT.	

With	eSIM	the	physical	SIM	card	is	being	replaced	with	an	on-device	secure	chip.	This	offers	the	
opportunity	to	provision	a	user	“over	the	air”	to	a	certain	mobile	operator	without	the	need	to	
physically	replace	a	SIM.	It	is	yet	to	be	seen	how	user	friendly	the	actual	implementations	are	going	
to	be.	Business	Models	range	from	the	need	to	subscribe	with	an	operator	up-front	and	then	only	
to	provision	the	mobile	device,	to	having	the	full	choice	of	operators	right	on	the	home	screen	of	
the	mobile	device	itself.	

With	5G,	a	number	of	new	use	cases	and	businesses	will	be	supported	by	mobile	operators.	Not	
only	the	bandwidth	will	be	further	increased	beyond	4G	and	4.5G	(carrier	aggregation),	but	also	
new	functionalities	are	introduced	and	latencies	are	further	reduced	to	ms	time-scales	by	novel	
architecture	 concepts	 such	 as	 edge-computing,	 network	 function	 virtualization,	 and	 network	
slicing.		

	 	



	

19	
	

Industrial	IOT	and	–	as	supported	by	recent	announcements	of	Vodafone	–	also	consumer	IoT	is	
expected	 to	 become	 a	 next	 growth	 engine.	 While	 the	 majority	 of	 connected	 devices	 will	 be	
aggregated	through	non-SIM	based	connectivity,	 the	SIM	based	connected	devices	will	 require	
novel	ways	of	management	and	to	support	ease	of	use	for	the	entire	IoT	solution	

The	solution	we	deliver:	DENT	is	set	to	embrace	the	new	technologies	and	support	the	resulting	
use	cases.		

The	DENT	market	place	perfectly	complements	eSIM	enabled	devices,	so	that	the	user	can	freely	
choose	 the	 optimal	 data	 package	 needed,	 nationally	 and	 internationally.	 This	 ease	 of	 use	will	
require	the	support	of	mobile	terminal	OEMs	and	telcos.	

DENT	 Wireless	 aims	 to	 provide	 the	 most	 cost	 efficient	 and	 user-friendly	 architectures	 and	
technologies.	For	international	roaming	today,	the	data	traffic	of	the	roaming	customer	is	sent	to	
his	home	operator,	and	only	there	is	terminated	into	the	internet.	This	 is	done	to	have	control	
over	the	data	traffic	for	billing	purposes,	and	is	used	to	impose	for	many	customers	perceived	high	
roaming	charges.	

However,	an	alternative	architecture	called	“local	break-out”	(“LBO”)	can	be	more	favourable	and	
has	 long	 been	 discussed	 –	 also	 in	 the	 context	 of	 the	 EU	 regulation.	With	 local	 break-out	 the	
customer’s	traffic	is	directly	terminated	into	the	internet	from	the	roaming	network,	thus	avoiding	
(high	cost)	international	data	transfer	and	associated	latencies,	much	more	in	line	with	the	spirit	
of	5G,	and	giving	 the	host	operator	much	more	 flexibility	 to	 serve	 the	 roaming	customer	with	
favourable	rates	and	dedicated	quality	of	service.	

The	DENT	platform	–	being	fully	automated	and	globally	scalable	–	is	ideally	suited	to	support	IoT	
use	cases,	where	a	connected	device	with	certain	software	requires	dedicated	connectivity,	but	
all	this	at	ideally	zero	maintenance.	Connecting	IoT	devices	automatically	to	the	DENT	platform	
can	guarantee	availability	of	mobile	data	at	fully	transparent	cost	control.	

	 	



	

20	
	

9.2 Why	Mobile	Roaming	up	for	disruption	–	and	the	role	of	DENT	
• Drivers	for	the	high	–	and	sometimes	incredibly	high	–	retail	prices	for	roaming	customers	

are	interconnect	costs,	data	carrier	fees,	margin	to	the	home	operator	and	others	
• Total	costs	could	be	reduced	by	terminating	the	customer’s	data	traffic	directly	into	the	

internet,	 rather	 than	 routing	 it	 back	 to	 the	 home	operator,	 as	well	 as	 by	 reducing	 the	
expected	margin	and	by	otherwise	smart	data	traffic	management	(caching	etc.)	

• Local	break-out	for	data	traffic	is	not	employed	today.	Reasons	are	multi-fold,	such	as	
o Economic	considerations	of	local	retail	vs.	international	wholesale	prices	
o Existing	bi-	and	multilateral	roaming	agreements,	which	are	further	complicated	by	

the	balance	of	in-	and	out-roaming	customers,	which	are	also	optimized	by	traffic	
steering	into	different	roaming	networks	

o Lacking	billing	relationship	of	the	local	provider	with	the	in-roaming	customer	
o Overall	traffic	steering	considerations,	e.g.	cashing	of	local	content	
o Standard	practise	to	avoid	direct	customer	(marketing)	communication	to	foreign	

in-roaming	customers	
o In	case	of	pure	data	local	break-out,	the	customer	would	not	be	reachable	on	GSMA	

voice	and	SMS	
o For	 first-time	 network	 connect,	 the	 customer	 has	 to	 manually	 select	 the	 right	

operator	 for	 local	 break-out	 (unless	 it	 happens	 to	 be	 the	 home	 operator	 pre-
defined	preferred	network)		

• DENT	is	set	to	provide	the	platform	to	overcome	those	challenges	
o Data	pricing	will	be	at	local	level,	through	the	transparent	DENT	marketplace	
o No	complex	roaming	agreements	need	to	be	considered	
o Billing	relationship	is	already	established	between	the	global	DENT	user	base	and	

the	DENT	platform,	which	will	be	made	available	to	all	operator	partners	
o All	 customers	 of	 the	 DENT	 community	 will	 have	 the	 DENT	 mobile	 app,	 so	

communication	will	be	targeted	and	direct	to	customer,	rather	than	sending	old-
style	SMS	

o Voice	services	can	be	provided	through	IP	services,	such	as	WhatsApp,	Skype,	or	an	
own	DENT	communication	platform;	in	addition,	DENT	can	provide	circuit	switched	
routing	services	to	be	always	reachable	

o DENT	mobile	app	will	also	give	an	easy	to	use	access	to	the	right	roaming	network	
for	local	breakout	

• There	are	further	opportunities	to	disrupt	the	roaming	market	and	provide	a	global	service,	
such	as	by	leveraging	an	own	MVNO	or	by	partnering	with	innovative	service	providers	

	



	

21	
	

9.3 Summary	of	mobile	operator	benefits:	Revenue	increase	at	lower	cost	in	
an	expanding	market	

• Increased	revenue	thru	easier	access	to	buying	demand	world-wide	
• Increased	revenue	thru	the	user-to-user	sales,	while	getting	commissions		
• Easy	to	launch	new	services	and	packages,	just	introduce	the	package	to	the	exchange	
• No	special	agreements	with	the	operators,	just	connecting	to	the	DENT	Exchange		
• Cost	efficiency,	though	one	central	platform	approach	with	easy	to	connect	middleware	

and	APIs;	scales	favorably	with	users	and	usage,	no	increased	human	effort	
• Platform	to	test	data	proposition,	such	as	reaction	to	seasonal	pricing	levels	
• Enables	M2M	(machine-to-machine)	exchange	of	mobile	data	packages	with	IoT	devices	

Example:	 A	 Vehicle	 in	 a	GPS-tracked	 fleet	manages	 its	 own	 Internet	 connectivity	 using	
DENT	Exchange.	

	

	 	



	

22	
	

10. Technology	–	Architecture	
10.1 Architecture	Overview	

The	DENT	Exchange	is	a	mix	of	current	state-of-the-art	technologies.	The	trading	side	of	it	is	familiar	from	
Stocks,	Forex,	etc.,	while	the	connectivity	between	DENT	Exchange	and	telcos	resembles	that	of	a	virtual	
operator.	The	technological	challenges	there	are	well	known	and	defined.	
	

	
	

10.2 Component	Overview	

10.2.1 DENT	Web-app	

The	DENT	Web-app	allows	market	participants	to	view	quote	feeds,	see	the	order	book	and	market	
depth,	place	buy/sell	orders,	review	portfolio,	order	history,	etc.	It	is	analogous	to	FOREX	trading	
terminals	such	as	MetaTrader.	

	 	



	

23	
	

10.2.2 DENT		mobile	app	

The	mobile	app	is	a	simplified	version	of	the	Web-app.	It	allows	the	user	to	see	quote	charts	and	
place	basic	orders,	as	well	as	see	current	portfolio	and	DENT	balance. 
	

	
	

10.3 DENT	Exchange	Component	Structure	
DENT	Exchange	is	the	main	container	for	the	business	logic.	In	addition	to	being	a	trading	platform,	
it	will	provide	integration	with	3rd		party	telcos	and	the	Ethereum	blockchain.	
	
DENT	Exchange	contains	the	trading	instrument	repository	(mobile	data	packages),	manages	the	
market	 participants	 and	 their	 portfolios,	 distributes	 price	 data	 feeds	 to	 trading	 terminals,	
calculates	the	spreads	in	the	bid/offer	prices,	executes	and	manages	orders,	etc.	As	such	it	 is	a	
usual	trading	platform.	
	



	

24	
	

	
		Image:	DENT	Exchange	Components	
	

• Instrument	Repository	
The	repository	contains	information	of	the	data	packages	available	at	DENT	Exchange,	such	
as	a	1GB	package	from	a	telco	with	a	certain	expiry.	The	information	is	the	metadata	not	
stored	in	the	blockchain.	Each	instrument	references	a	smart	contract	in	the	Ethereum.	

	
• Price	Data	

Price	data,	including	real-time	bid	&	offer	order	book,	is	stored	in	a	high	speed	cache	and	
fed	back	to	the	webapp	and	mobile	apps.	The	data	includes	last	closed	trade	price,	current	
highest	bid	and	lowest	offer	and	may	contain	trade	volume	and	order	book	depth	data.	
Historical	price	data	is	available	for	the	1m,	5m,	15m,	30m,	1h	and	4h	periods.	

	
• Portfolio	Management	

A	trader	in	the	exchange	will	have	a	portfolio	of	packages	owned	.	Portfolio	management	
takes	 care	of	 updating	 the	portfolio	 according	 to	 executed	 trades	 and	 keeps	 the	 trade	
history.	
	

• Market	Maker	Algorithms	
Market	maker	algorithms	manage	the	final	offer	and	bid	prices	for	packages,	managing	the	
price	spread	and	controlling	the	market	supply	with	the	parameters	set	at	the	Initial	Data	
Offering.	
	

• Order	Management	
Order	management	takes	care	of	the	acceptance	of	bids	and	offers	from	the	traders	in	the	
Exchange,	 including	risk	management	together	with	the	portfolio	management.	 It	 feeds	
the	 incoming	orders	 into	 the	market	maker	algorithms	 for	 final	placement	 in	 the	order	
book.	



	

25	
	

	
• Order	Execution	

Order	 execution	matches	 bids	 and	 offers	 in	 order	 to	 fulfill	 the	 orders.	 Upon	 a	 fill	 the	
Ethereum	smart	contract	is	called	for	the	financial	transaction	part	and	the	fulfilled	order	
enters	into	the	portfolio.	

	
• Proprietary	API	

Telcos	 can	 expose	 their	 APIs	 to	 the	 DENT	 Exchange,	 which	 will	 call	 them	 via	 custom	
adapters,	or	opt	to	install	a	DENT	supplied	API	Listener	on	their	network.	
	

• DENT	Exchange	Parachain	
The	parachain	acts	as	an	escrow	between	the	Ethereum	blockchain	and	DENT	Exchange,	
to	allow	for	faster	execution	of	trades.	

	
The	exchange	differs	from	a	FOREX	broker	in	that	the	order	execution	drives	the	Ethereum	smart	
contract	and	also	integrates	the	exchange	with	external	systems.	Thus,	it	acts	as	the	coordinator	
between	DENT	based	assets	and	real-word	mobile	data	packages.	

	

	

10.4 Ethereum	smart	contracts	
Ethereum	smart	contracts	execute	the	financial	transfers	of	DENT.	They	are	driven	by	events	
from	the	DENT	Exchange.	Upon	execution	of	contracts	the	exchange	then	takes	the	focus	and	
handles	the	3rd	party	transactions.	
	

	

10.5 Virtual	Operator	/	Telco	
The	Virtual	Operator	or	telco	acts	as	a	market	maker,	provides	mobile	data	packages	for	end-users	
and	is	a	payment	gateway	for	conventional	Premium-SMS/USSD	data	package	purchases.	It	will	be	
used	to	seed	the	exchange.	
	

	 	



	

26	
	

11. Technology	-	DENT	Exchange	use	cases	&	workflows	
	

11.1 User-to-user	data	package	transactions	
User-to-user	transactions	involve	one	user	placing	an	offer	in		the	DENT	Exchange	and	another	
one	placing	a	bid	respectively.	In	the	case	the	selling	parties	mobile	data	package	plan	is	to	be	split,	
the	telco	of	the	selling	party	will	need	to	clear	and	lock	the	offer	first.	The	buying	party	will	lock	
the	purchase	funds	in	the	DENT	Exchange	Parachain,	after	which	the	order	enters	the	books.	

	

Upon	 fulfilment,	 the	main	 smart	 contract	 in	 Ethereum	 is	 triggered	 and	 revenue	 share	 occurs	
according	 to	 the	 rules	 set	 at	 IDO	 (Initial	 Data	 Offering).	 After	 fund	 transfers	 DENT	 Exchange	
coordinates	 the	possible	 splitting	or	 cancelling	of	 the	data	package	 from	 the	 selling	party	 and	
activates	the	acquired	package	for	the	buying	party.	

	

	
	
	 	



	

27	
	

11.2 Telco	 data	 roaming,	 data	 package	 transfer	 from	 user	 to	 user	
internationally	
In	a	roaming	case	a	customer	wants	to	visit	the	network	of	another	telco.	The	telco	servicing	the	customer	
will	get	the	request	and	arrange	for	an	offer	to	be	placed	in	the	DENT	Exchange.	
Similar	to	the	user-to-user	case,	the	offer	will	eventually	match	with	a	bid	and	the	order	will	be	fulfilled.	
DENT	Exchange	will	again	coordinate	the	activation	of	the	acquired	package.	
	

	
	
	

11.3 DENT	Exchange	Initial	Data	Offering	(IDO)	for	telcos	
The	instrument	traded	in	the	DENT	Exchange	will	enter	the	market	via	an	Initial	Data	Offering.	Operators	
and	wholesalers	of	mobile	data	packages	will	define	the	instruments,	such	as	US	Sprint	20G	packages,	and	
offer	them	to	a	group	of	traders	in	the	DENT	Exchange.	The	size	of	the	initial	offering	will	be	set	by	the	
provider	of	the	mobile	data	package	and	DENT	Mobile.	
DENT	Mobile	will	handle	the	IDOs,	as	well	as	act	as	a	virtual	operator,	providing	depth	to	the	market	with	
their	own	data	package	offerings.	Any	proceeds	as	well	as	eventual	profit	from	the	virtual	provider	
business	will	be	revenue	for	DENT	Wireless.	

	



	

28	
	

12. Summary	
	

• DENT	liberalizes	mobile	data	to	be	traded	as	easy	as	any	other	commodity	
• DENT	unites	a	DENT	community	of	users	and	enable	them	to	easily	buy,	sell,	and	donate	

mobile	data,	worldwide	
• The	DENT	community	will	combine	a	collective	buying	power	to	facilitate	partnerships	with	

telcos		
• DENT	provides	the	DENT	Exchange,	based	on	Blockchain	technology,	and	an	easy	to	use	

DENT	application	
• DENT	Wireless	is	driven	by	an	experienced	founder	and	management	team	that	consists	

of	 serial	 entrepreneurs,	 industry	 veterans,	 internet	 pioneers,	 blockchain	 and	 payment	
system	experts	that	have	executed	large	transaction	and	secure	data	systems	before	

• The	DENT	launch	and	scale-up	is	driven	in	three	phases,	from	DENT	community	building,	
enabling	domestic	markets,	to	facilitating	a	global	sharing	economy	for	data	

• Our	goal	is	to	make	DENT	Token	the	world-wide	currency	for	mobile	data	trading		
	

	

	

DENT	Token	sale	starts	12	July	2017	at	2PM	London	Time	(GMT+1).	

Go	to	https://www.dentcoin.com	for	more	information.	

	

	

	

Contact	us:	
CEO	Tero	Katajainen	
DENT	Wireless	Ltd	
21/F,	Futura	Plaza	
111	How	Ming	Street	
Kwun	Tong,	Hong	Kong	
info@dentcoin.com	
www.dentcoin.com	

	 	



	

29	
	

	

	


