






















 

D​igix’s Whitepaper: The Gold Standard in Crypto­Assets (English ／ ​中文​) 
prepared by:  

Anthony C. Eufemio <ace@dgx.io> 
Kai C. Chng <kcchng@dgx.io> 
Shaun Djie <shaundjie@dgx.io> 

January 2016 
Version 1.03 

 
Abstract 
Digix provides a use case for the tokenisation and documentation of physical assets through its 
Proof of Asset (PoA)​ protocol. The PoA protocol utilises Ethereum  and the InterPlanetary 1
Files System (IPFS)  to track an asset through its chain of custody. This allows for the open and 2

public verification of an asset’s existence without a centralised database. Digix also offers an 
API allowing other applications to be built on top of our asset tokenisation service. 
 
 

Technical Overview: 
 
Product Life Cycle 

 
 

 
 
 

1 ​"​[English] White Paper ∙ ethereum/wiki Wiki ∙ GitHub​." 2014. 29 Dec. 2015  
2 ​Benet, Juan. (September 11 2015)  ​"The IPFS Project ­ How it works"​. IPFS 

 

https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/%5BEnglish%5D-White-Paper
https://ipfs.io/#how-it-works


 

 
Key Products 
 

1. Proof of Asset (PoA) Asset Cards  
 

PoA Asset Cards consist of the below information permanently uploaded onto the 
decentralised database: 

 
­ Time Stamp of card creation 
­ SKU of the gold bar  
­ Bar Serial number 
­ Chain of Custody digital signatures (Vendor, Custodian, Auditor) 
­ Purchase Receipt  
­ Audit Documentation 
­ Depository Receipt  
­ Storage fees due 

 
PoA Asset Cards are kept in an Ethereum Wallet. 

 
 

2. Digix Tokens (DGX) 
 

Dgx Tokens are minted via a Minter Smart Contract. Each DGX token represents 1g of 
Gold and divisible to 0.001g. For every PoA Card that is sent to the Minter Smart 
Contract, DGX tokens will be issued in return. For instance, a 100g PoA Card sent to the 
Minter Smart Contract returns 100 DGX tokens to the user.  

 
Digix Tokens are held in an Ethereum Wallet. 

 
Key Processes 
 
There are 3 modular processes that Digix uses to provide a proof of existence and fungibility for 
an asset, 1 for redemption of physical assets, and 1 that encourages ​Ð​app Development. Those 
processes consist of: 
 

1. Proof of Asset (PoA) Verification ​process which records and provides an audit trail of 
an asset on Ethereum to create PoA Asset Cards. The asset cards are certified using 
sequential digital signatures from the entities in the chain of custody, namely, the 
Vendor, Custodian​,​ Auditor​, which are further validated with proof of purchase and 
depository receipts provided and uploaded onto IPFS for permanent record (Fig i). 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 



 

Figure i: Digix Asset Registration Process 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 



 

The PoA Verification contains a sub process for regular audits as shown in (Fig ii). 
 
 

Figure ii: Audit Process 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 



 

2. Minter Smart Contract ​to create fungible DGX tokens, that accepts or holds PoA Asset 
Cards in exchange for DGX tokens (Fig iii). 

 
 

Figure iii: Minting Digix Gold Asset Cards into Digix Gold Tokens 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 



 

 
3. Recaster Smart Contract​, which is used to exchange DGX tokens back into PoA Asset 

cards. (Fig iv). 
 
 

Figure iv: Recasting Digix Gold Tokens into Digix Gold Asset Cards 
 

 
 

4. Redemption Process​, for redeeming physical gold bar with PoA Asset cards. (Fig V). 
 

Figure V: Digix Gold Redemption and Token Based User Identification 
 

 
 
 

5. Generic I/O Contracts, ​allowing developers to utilize PoA Cards or DGX tokens for 
Ðapp development. 

 
 
 



 

Ethereum Smart Contracts Stack 
 
The diagram below shows the individual Digix smart contracts deployed on the Ethereum 
blockchain that make up the core processes above. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 



 

Digix’s Proof of Asset Participants 
(Blockchain Oracle Entities) 

 
Asset Vendor 
 
ValueMax Singapore, a publicly listed company, supplies London Bullion Market Association 
(LBMA ) certified gold bullion bars through the Digix Marketplace. Established in 1988, they 3

provide pawnbroking services, retail and trading of pre­owned jewellery, gold and luxury 
timepieces. 
 
Independent Auditor  
 
Bureau Veritas Inspectorate will carry out quarterly checks on the quality and quantity at our 
custodian vault to ensure accounting is upheld. They are a multinational group with capabilities 
in an extensive range of commodities, providing independent inspection, sampling and testing 
services of precious metals.  
 
Every gold bullion is rigorously tested with precision instruments at Audit. We perform such 
measurements using Ultrasonic Gauge Measurements (UTM) and densometers. UTM is a 
method of performing non­destructive measurement (gauging) of the local thickness of a solid 
element basing on the time taken by the ultrasound wave to return to the surface. Densometers 
are devices that measure the density of objects with water displacement.  
 
 
Participating Custodian Vault 
 
Malca­Amit’s state of the art facility near Singapore Changi International Airport is located in the 
Le Freeport of Singapore, a 25,000 sqm high­security and climate­controlled facility featuring 
cutting edge security technologies enhanced by green building engineering. 
 

 
Multi­party Trust Mechanism 

 
The Digix system relies on multiple independent participants to provide a transparent platform 
for the tokenization of physical assets.  We can assume that miners in a Proof of Work based 
crypto­currency system will act rationally, that is, that they would act in a way to maximize and 
protect their long term profits by performing their role of transaction verification. We assume that 
a cartel of rational miners would not collude to perform double spending attacks as such attacks 
would cause reputational damage to the entire system.  We must therefore assume that in  the 
Digix system which is the tri­party system consisting of asset providing vendors, the asset 
custodian in charge of storing and securing the asset from theft, and the auditor in charge of 

3 ​ ​"LBMA ­ FAQs"​. The London Bullion Market Association. 

 
 
 

http://www.lbma.org.uk/faqs


 

ensuring the authenticity of the reported assets in custody are all acting in a rational manner 
who are trying to maximize their profits from the fees that they collect for their service. 

 
Mitigating Potential Points of Failure with Real World Governance 

 
Dishonest Entities and collusion in the chain of custody 
 
Digix works with entities in jurisdictions that provide stringent regulatory oversight and corporate 
governance. The entities we have engaged with are either publicly listed or well known in the 
industry for providing their niche service. Each entity that we have engaged with performs a 
separate function to prevent cheating. For instance, the asset vendor for physical assets cannot 
also be the asset custodian. The interest in the service has to be independent of one another. 
While the risk of collusion is a real possibility, it is at the cost of severe reputational and legal 
damages to the colluding participants.  As these entities provide similar other services to other 
customers and such reputational and legal damages to their core business would be detrimental 
to their business, we can make a fair assumption that they will act in a rational manner. 
 
 

Key Benefits 
 
No centralised database management of Crypto Asset records 
 
All chain of custody information is fully managed by the Ethereum blockchain. This blockchain 
ledger is immutable with data upload taking significantly less time than on the Bitcoin 
blockchain.  4

 
No Web­based log­in 
 
There is no web form log­in. Users will download desktop clients from Digix. The application 
itself can also be compiled from source on Github and is publicly auditable.​5​ There is 
significantly less chance of a Man in the Middle attack compared to traditional user web­based 
log­in.  5

 
Secure Cold Storage of Crypto­Assets 
 
Digix’s Aegis Vaults is a cold storage wallet custodial service for crypto­assets and crypto 
currencies on Ethereum. 
 
Perpetual Existence of Digital Assets 
 

4 ​CryptoBond. (September 16, 2015) ​Why Is Ethereum Different to Bitcoin.​ CryptoCompare 
5 ​Hjemlvik, Erik. ​(March 27, 2011) Network Security Blog. “​Network Forensic Analysis of SSL MITM Attacks"​. NETRESEC 

 
 
 

https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/guides/why-is-ethereum-different-to-bitcoin/
http://www.netresec.com/?page=Blog&month=2011-03&post=Network-Forensic-Analysis-of-SSL-MITM-Attacks


 

All asset data is recorded on the blockchain and exists indefinitely. Even if Digix folds, every 
proof generated can be verified and are admissible in a court of law in the applicable 
jurisdiction.  
 
Ex post facto Incentivization Mechanism 
 
The Proof of Asset process requires that regular quarterly or more frequent audits to be 
performed by a 3rd party auditor on the entire collection of gold assets held at the custodian 
vaults.  The auditor performs a complete audit of each gold bar which includes verification of its 
authenticity, weight, and physical examination to detect anomalies or defects.  The auditor 
submits a record on the Gold Registry contract for each and every single bar that has been 
audited, which contains an IPFS reference to a signed paper documentation, the auditor’s 
Ethereum identity, and a pass or fail result. 
 
Digix receives its revenues through the collection of transaction fees paid in the form of Digix 
gold tokens. These tokens are held in an escrow contract which can only release the tokens to a 
specified address after the successful completion of a 3rd party audit.   
 
 

Generic I/O Contracts and Ðapp Development Opportunities 
 
The generic I/O contract provided at Digix allows developers to utilize PoA Asset Cards or Digix 
tokens for Ðapp development and event logging. Our vision is to create an ecosystem for 
developers to utilize DGX tokens as a framework for various Ðapp developments. Code 
samples will be provided on our Github. 
 
Wealth Inheritance 
 
Dead man’s switch can be built as a service to allow wealth to be passed on in the form of 
Crypto Assets to the mentioned Ethereum address under the Digix system.  
 
Gamification 
 
In legal jurisdictions, DGX tokens can be used like bitcoin to facilitate in game currency or as 
gaming tokens.  The PoA protocol can also be used for the issuance of digital gaming assets.  6 7

 
Escrow 
 
DGX tokens can provide a better and less volatile store of value for Escrow services on the 
blockchain.  

6 ​Farivar, Cyrus ( January 22, 2013). ​"Bitcoin­based casino rakes in more than $500,000 profit in six months"​. Ars Technica.  
7 ​Addison, Ian. (December 22, 2015) ​“Game­changers FreeMyVunk and Digix allow video gamers ..." ​IB Times. 

 
 
 

http://arstechnica.com/business/2013/01/bitcoin-based-casino-rakes-in-over-500000-profit-in-six-months/
http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/game-changers-freemyvunk-digix-allow-video-gamers-trade-virtual-assets-physical-gold-1534436


 

 
Crowdfunding 
 
A Ðapp can provide crowdfunding opportunities with crypto­currencies and crypto­assets, or 
offer convertibility of cryptocurrencies to DGX tokens as a hedge to price volatility. 
 
Gold Backed Crypto Currency Developments 
 
Cryptocurrencies can stake a portion of its value with DGX Gold tokens and Gold Assets, 
backing its value with Gold.  
 
Crypto Exchanges and Wealth Management Ðapps 
 
When exchanges integrate DGX tokens as a cryptocurrency pair, they will be able to offer a 
gold hedge to cryptocurrencies as part of their service offering. Wealth management services 
that adjusts your cryptocurrency / crypto asset holdings can be developed to manage an 
individual’s crypto financial risk profile. 
 
P2P Lending and Microfinance 
 
Ðapps can utilize DGX Gold for peer to peer lending. A borrower can call for funding through a 
Ðapp based on his risk profile and reputation and negotiate a rate of return on the borrowed 
funds. Interest / yield payments can be serviced at regular intervals with a penalty system in 
place for late payments. This has already been done with bitcoin , but due to the price volatility 8

of cryptocurrencies, lenders may lose more of their asset value than what can be earned from 
the interest during the period of the loan. The price stability of DGX Gold Tokens can facilitate 
the adoption rate of such services.  
 
Collateral services 
 
Privately held assets can be safely and efficiently used as collateral without going through 
lengthy verification process to ascertain an asset’s existence and authenticity. 
 
 

Conclusion  
 
Digix will provide a transparent, audit friendly, safe protocol that leverages the full potential of 
Ethereum's decentralized consensus ecosystem and IPFS to facilitate crypto assets on the 
blockchain.  
 
 

8 ​Shieber, Jonathan (June 5, 2014). ​"BTCJam Brings Its Bitcoin­Based Lending Service To Emerging Markets"​. TechCrunch. 
 

 
 
 

http://techcrunch.com/2014/06/05/btcjam-brings-its-bitcoin-based-lending-service-to-emerging-markets/


 

 

 
Digix白皮书：密码学资产中的黄金标准 

prepared by:  
Anthony C. Eufemio <​ace@dgx.io​>  
Kai C. Chng <​kcchng@dgx.io​>  
Shaun Djie <​shaundjie@dgx.io​>  

V1.02 
翻译：Ethfans­­少平 
 

摘要 
Digix通过它的资产证明（PoA）协议为实体资产代币化和文档化提供了使用实例。PoA协议利用
以太坊 和星际文件系统（IPFS）  通过监管链（chain of custody）追踪资产。它实现了开放和9 10

公开的资产存在性认证，无需一个中心化数据库。Digix也提供一个应用程序接口（API），允许
其它应用建立在我们的资产代币化服务之上。 
 

技术总览： 
产品生命周期: 

 
 

9 ​[​ ​英文]  白皮书∙ ethereum/wiki Wiki ∙ GitHub​.​ ​" 2014. 29 Dec. 2015  
10 ​B​ ​enet, Juan. (September 11 2015) ​“​ ​IPFS项目：它是如何运行的​"​.​ ​IPFS 

 
 
 

mailto:ace@dgx.io
mailto:kcchng@dgx.io
mailto:shaundjie@dgx.io


 

核心产品 
 
1  资产证明（PoA）资产卡 
 
PoA资产卡由以下信息构成，被永久性地上传到去中心化数据库： 

­ 资产卡创建时间戳 
­ 金条库存单位（SKU） 
­ 金条序号 

­ 监管链数字签名（供应商、托管商、审计商） 
­ 购买收据 
­ 审计文档 
­ 存储收据 
­ 存储费用 

PoA资产卡被保存在以太坊钱包中。 

2  Digix代币（DGX） 
 
DGX代币通过铸币智能合约生成。每个DGX代币代表1克黄金，可以细分到0.001克。每一个PoA
资产卡被发送到铸币智能合约时，相应的DGX代币就被发行出来。例如，用户发送一个100克黄
金的PoA卡到铸币智能合约，将获得100个DGX代币。 
 
Digix代币被保管在以太坊钱包。 
 
核心过程 
 

3个模块过程—Digix使用它为一项资产提供存在证明和可替代证明，1个实体资产赎回过程和1个
鼓励去中心化应用（Dapp）开发过程。这些过程包括以下部分： 
 

1. 资产证明（PoA）认证过程在以太坊上记录和提供一项资产的审计跟踪，用以创建PoA资产
卡。这些资产卡通过来自于监管链参与者（即黄金供应商、托管商、审计商）的连续数字签名获
得认证，数字签名进一步通过被提供和上传到IPFS所永久保存起来的购买和存储收据证明所确
认。 
 
图表 i ：Digix资产注册过程 

 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 



 

PoA认证包括一个定期审计子过程，如图表ii所示。 
 
图表ii：审计过程 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 



 

2 铸币智能合约，创建可替代的DGX代币，它接受或持有PoA资产卡，向用户返回DGX代币。 
 
图表iii：将Digix黄金资产卡铸为Digix黄金代币 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 



 

3 重铸智能合约，将DGX代币重铸为PoA资产卡。（图表iv） 
 
图表iv：将Digix黄金代币重铸为Digix黄金资产卡 
 

 

 
4  赎回过程，利用PoA资产卡赎回实体金条。（图表v） 
 
图表V：Digix黄金赎回和基于代币的用户身份证明 

 
 
 

 
 
 



 

5 通用输入/输出（I/O）合约，运行开发者利用PoA资产卡或者DGX代币进行去中心化应用（Dapp）
开发。 
 

以太坊智能合约栈​。​下面的图表展示了包含以上过程的Digix智能合约如何部署在以太坊区块链
上。 

 
 

 
 
 



 

Digix资产证明参与者 
（区块链线下实体） 
 
资产供应商 
 
ValueMax新加坡是一家上市公司，在Digix市场上提供伦敦金银市场协会（LBMA ）认可的金11

条。ValueMax新加坡成立于1988年，他们提供典当服务和二手珠宝、黄金、名表的零售和交易
服务。 
 
独立审计商 
 

Bureau Veritas Inspectorate将对我们的黄金托管商库存金条的重量和质量进行季度审计，确保
DGX代币有实体黄金支撑。他们是一家跨国集团，涉足多个商品领域，为贵金属提供独立的检
查、取样和检测服务。 
 

每个金条在审计时都将被用机密检查设备严格地检测。我们使用超声波计量器（UTM）和密度计
执行这些检测。UTM是一种基于超声波返回物体表面所用时间测量物体局部厚度的无损测量方
式。密度计是使用排水量测量物体密度的设备。 
 
托管商保险库 
 

MalcaAmit的现代化设备靠近​新加坡樟宜国际机场，位于新加坡自由港，它是一个面积达25000平方
米的高度安全和可空调控制温度的保险库，以通过绿色建筑工程实现的最前沿安全技术著称。 
 

多方信任机制 

 
Digix依赖多方独立的参与者为实体资产代币化提供一个透明的平台。我们可以假定基于工作量证明（
PoW）的密码学货币系统中的矿工将理性行动，即他们将通过履行交易确认职责，实现收益最大化和
保护他们的长期利润。我们假设，理性矿工的垄断联盟将不会合谋进行双花攻击，因为这样的攻击将
造成整个系统的声誉受损。我们因此假设Digix系统中三个参与方­­负责提供黄金的供应商、负责保管
和保证资产安全的托管商、负责保证托管商资产的真实性，都将以理性的方式行事，通过收取服务费
用实现利用最大化。 
 
利用现实世界的管理解决潜在的单点故障 

11 ​“​ ​LBMA​常见问题"​.​ ​l伦敦金银市场协会。 

 
 
 



 

 

监管链上不诚实的参与者和共谋 
 

Digix​与提供严格监管和公司管理的公司合作。我们的合作公司不是上市公司就是因他们的专业服务而
在行业知名的公司。为了方式欺诈，我们的合作每个公司只能从事一种只能。例如，实体资产供应商
不能再充当资产托管商。一项服务的利益必须独立另一项服务。尽管共谋的风险是真实存在的，但是
对于共谋者来说，信誉和法律成本是极高的。因为这些公司还为其他顾客提供类似的其它服务，核心
业务的信誉和合法性受损对他们是有害无利的，我们可以做一个合理的假设，他们将以理性的方式行
事。 

 
核心益处 
 
没有中心化数据管理加密资产记录 
 

所有的监管链信息完全由以太坊区块链管理。这个区块链账本以永久上传数据，花费的时间也明显少
于在比特币区块链上传数据 。 12

 

没有基于网页的登陆 
 

没有网页形式的登陆。用户将从Digix下载桌面客户端。这个应用也可以从Github上的源代码编译出来
，公开可审计。与传统的基于网页的用户登陆相比，Digix的用户登陆方式极大地降低了中间人攻击13

。 
 

安全的加密资产冷存储 
 

Digix的宙斯盾保险库是以太坊上面的密码学资产和密码学货币的冷存储钱包托管服务。 
 
数字资产永久存在 
 
所有的资产都被记录在区块链上，永久存在。即使Digix倒闭，已经生成的每个证明在可适用的司
法辖区可以被法庭承认和采纳。 
 

事后激励机制 

 

12 ​CryptoBond. (September 16, 2015)为什么以太坊不同于比特币？​.​ ​CryptoCompare 
13 ​Hjemlvik, Erik.​ ​(​ ​March 27, 2011) 网络安全博客. “​SSL MITM攻击的网络分析"​.​ ​NETRESEC 

 
 
 



 

资产证明过程要求常规的季度审计或者更加频繁的审计需要由第三方审计商执行，审计商需要对托管
商保险库中所有的黄金资产进行审计。审计商对每个金条进行一次完整审计，包括核实金条的真实
性、重量和物理检测，以检测异常和不合格品。审计商为已经审计过的每个金条在黄金登记合约上提
交一份记录，该记录包含对签字的纸质文档的一个IPFS引用、审计商在以太坊上的身份信息和是否通
过审计。 
 

Digix通过交易费用获得收入，交易费是用Digix黄金代币支付的。这些代币被保存在一个代理合约
，只有经过第三方审计后这些代币可以被发送到一个特定地址。 
 
通用输入/输出（I/O）合约和去中心化应用（Dapp）开发机会 
 
Digix提供的通用I/O合约允许开发者将PoA资产卡或者Digix代币进行于Dapp开发和事件记录。我
们的愿景是为开发者创建一个生态系统，将DGX代币用作各种各样的Dapp开发的架构。代码例子
将在我们的Github上提供。 
 
财富继承 
 
去世用户的财产转移可以被做成一项服务，允许财富以密码学资产的形式被转移到Digix系统中被
提到的以太坊地址。 

 
博彩 
 

在司法辖区，DGX黄金代币可以像比特币一样，被用作博彩货币或者博彩代币 。PoA协议也可以被14

用于数字博彩资产的发行 7。 15

 
代理 

 
DGX代币可以区块链上的代理服务提供一个更好的、波动更小的价值储存手段。 
 
众筹 

 

Dapp利用密码学货币和密码学资产可以提供众筹机会，或者将密码学货币转换为DGX代币，对冲
价格波动。 

14 ​Farivar, Cyrus ( January 22, 2013).​ ​"​ ​Bitcoin​based casino rakes in more than $500,000 profit in six months"​.​ ​Ars 
Technica. 
15 ​Addison, Ian. (December 22, 2015)​ ​“​ ​Game​changers FreeMyVunk and Digix allow video gamers ..."​ ​I​ ​B Times. 

 
 
 



 

 
由黄金支持的密码学货币开发 
 
密码学货币可以利用DGX黄金代币和黄金资产支持它的部分价值。 
 

交易所和财富管理Dapp 
 

当交易所整合DGX代币作为密码学货币交易对的一方时，它们将能够为密码学货币提供与黄金对
冲的服务。开发能够调整你的密码学货币/密码学资产的比例财富管理服务，管理个人的密码学金
融资产风险。 
 
点对点（P2P）借贷和微金融 
 
App​可以将DGX黄金代币应用到P2P借贷。借款人可以通过一个基于他的风险组合和信誉的Dapp
寻找资金，并和出借人商定一个资金回报率。利息/收益支付可以每隔一段时间付一次，还要有一
套惩罚系统，支付迟了要收到惩罚。这些已经在比特币上实现了 ，但是由于密码学货币的价格16

波动，在债务期出借人损失的资产价值可能比获得的利息价值更多。在DGX黄金代币的价格稳定
将促成这些服务的应用。 
 
抵押服务 
 
私人持有的资产可以安全有效地被用作抵押品，不用通过冗长的认证过程确定一项资产的存在性和真
实性。 
 
结论 
 

Digix​将提供一个透明、对审计友好、安全的协议，该协议利用以太坊的去中心化共识系统和IPFS
的全部潜力在区块链上实现密码学资产。 
 

16 ​Shieber, Jonathan (June 5, 2014).​ ​"BTCJam Brings Its Bitcoin​Based Lending Service To Emerging Markets"​. 
TechCrunch. 
 

 
 
 


