










































PowerPoint Presentation


Profit from Digital Assets 
Participate in the extraordinary growth in domain names and crypto currencies. 
 



Introduction 

Vision 

DDF is a fund to invest in digital assets, designed to reduce 

risks and profit from extraordinary growth in the space.  

Digital Assets 

Domain names and crypto currencies have high barriers to 

entry and risks due to lack of regulations, technical hurdles 

and lack of investment instruments. 

Proven Model, Team 

DDF was established in 2010 as “Domain Developers Fund” 

and has a solid track record in domain investing. To expand, 

we are adding crypto currencies and other digital assets to 

our portfolio. 

Initial Coin Offering 

Through an Ethereum-based ICO, DDF will raise up to 249,000 

ETH (as of June 13th, about $90m USD). 



92 Billion 
In June 2017, there are over 700 

crypto currencies with a total market 
cap of $92 billion USD. 

333% 
YoY June 2016/2017 
Bitcoin/USD growth 

was 333%, Ethereum 
growth was 1,610%. 

320M 
There are over 320m 

domain names 
registered, with sales 
reaching multi million 
USD figures regularly. 

 

Market Size   
Digital Assets are a unique asset class. With high risk, 
high barriers to entry, they have shown extraordinary 
returns over the past ten years. An investment of $100 
in Bitcoins in 2010 is today worth over $70m. 

 

We see a capacity limit of the fund currently at 250m 
USD but we expect the capacity to grow very quickly in 
the next months and years. 



What Are Domains 

High Value Domain Sales 

Insure.com  $16m 2009 

HG.com $3.7m 2016 

Fly.com $2.8m 2017 

 

DDF holds 1,540 high value domain names such as Audit.com, 
Exhibitions.com, Swords.com, PR.uk, species.com, a portfolio of 
country.net names (such as Belgium.net or Spain.net). DDF has 
already realized chart leading sales, for example cars.net for 
$170,000, HowAreYou.com for $50,000, or Die.com for $70,000. 

Internet Real Estate 
Over 320 million domain names are registered today but only a tiny 

amount of those domains are premium. High-value domains are 

generally short, descriptive and easy to remember. They are traded on 

the after market at premium prices. 



New Money 

Crypto Currencies are digital money, created and held 
electronically. The most popular crypto currency is Bitcoin, but 
there are over 700 other currencies, many with better historical 
returns. 

01 

What Are Crypto Currencies 

Digital Wallets 

Each crypto currency is kept in a digital wallet specific to the 
currency. Few investors hold funds in more than a few currencies, 
since wallet management becomes risky and cumbersome.  

02 

Smart Contracts 

Using digital smart contracts based on Ethereum, we can distribute 
dividends in a secure, automated and transparent way. 

03 



Crypto Currency Growth 

2017 
Ethereum 

In 2017 alone, Ethereum grew from a a price of $10/ETH 

(January 1st, 2017) to $400/ETH (June 12th, 2017). 

2016-2017 
Bitcoin 

From June 6th, 2016 to June 6th, 2017, Bitcoin grew from 

$508/BTC to $2,850/BTC. 

Total Market Crypto Currency Market Cap in Billion USD 



Other Digital Assets 

Intellectual Property 

Film & Movie Rights 

Licenses 
Trademarks 

Patents 

New ICOs 



Who is DDF 

Digital 
Developers 

Fund 

Established Fund 

Founded as “Domain Developers Fund” in 2010 as Cayman 

Island Open-Ended Administered Fund, administrated by JP 

Funds Administration, audited  by BDO, regulated by CIMA. 

Established NAV 
Current NAV $3.3m USD; portfolio includes 1,540 

premium domains.  

 

Established Base 
Current investors include over 50 HNI, investments 

funds and family offices. 

Next Step 
Rebranding to “Digital Developers Fund”, opening to 

crypto currencies, Initial Coin Offering. 



Fund Timeline 

START 

2014 

Fund converted to DDF Asset Limited to 

facilitate more operative investments  

2018 

Vision: World’s premiere investment fund for 

digital assets. 

2010 

Domain Developers Fund established 

according to Grand Cayman Mutual Fund Law, 

regulated by CIMA 

2017 

NAV $3.3m USD. Fund rebranded to “Digital 

Developers Fund”. ICO and expansion to 

crypto currencies and videolicenses. 



Investment Strategy 

01 02 

Crypto Currency Investments 

The fund invests directly into established crypto 

currencies with at least 100m USD market cap that 

are listed on at least three major exchanges. The fund 

also invests in selected ICOs. 

Premium Domains 

Domains are valued based on comparable sales, 

keywords, and automated appraisals. This also includes 

names based on the Ethereum Name System (ENS) or 

similar systems. 

03 04 

OTC Crypto Currency Investments 
/Mining Operations 

The fund acquires crypto currency that meets above 

criteria from third parties (for example at bankruptcy 

auctions) when there is a discount of at least 5% vs 

the lowest exchange price. The fund will also invest in 

mining operations. 

05 

Income Producing Domain Names 

Revenue generating domains (from parking or 

advertising) are acquired at max 30x monthly multiple 

(ttm). 

Reserve Fund 

15% of ICO proceedings is held in a reserve fund of min. 

25% BTC, min. 25% ETH and max. 50% cash. 



15%

5%

7.5%

45%

27.5%

Asset Allocation 

15% 
Reserve Fund 

27,5% 
Premium Domain 

Names 
(including ENS Names) 

DDF invests exclusively in digital assets. 

45% 
Crypto Currencies 

5% 
Other Digital Assets 

7,5% 
Mining Operations 



Security and Risk Management 

Computer Security 
Keeping crypto currencies and domains safe is a challenging task 
that needs a perfect setup, monitoring as well as a committed team 
to adapt to changing security issues. We employ a smart 
combination to keep the fund secure and flexible to meet liquidity 
commitments. 

Custody 
Long term held funds are stored in cold wallets based on the 
Ledger Nano S platform. At no time any wallet contains more than 
1m USD or 5% of the funds net asset value. All exchange and 
domain registrar accounts are secured with two-factor 
authentication. 

Audits 
The fund is audited by Grant Thornton for use of funds. 

 

Conclusion 

We see security, risk management and transparency as key 
differentiating factor in a digital fund. We have a proven track 
record of managing investments in a safe and reliable way. 



Initial Coin Offering 

15% 
Reserve Fund 

Held in BTC, ETH, Cash. 

70% 
Portfolio 

15% 
Operations 

Software development, human 

resources, legal, marketing. 

3 0  D a y s   
2 4 9 m  D D F  

1 k  D D F  =  1 E T H  

An ICO is a unique way for backers to join a new Blockchain project by 

acquiring a certain amount of initial token supply.  

DDF token holders acquire “proof-of-membership”  

in the fund. 

A total of 247.5m DDF tokens are sold 

for 247,500 Eth in a 30 day ICO. 

DDF retains 2.5m DDF tokens for internal use. 

Unsold tokens are burned after the ICO. 



Milestones 

August 2017 

Cca. July 30th 2017 

July 3rd 2017 

Q4 dividend distribution 

Q3 dividend distribution 

List DDF token on COSS.io and other exchanges 

Conclusion of ICO 

Start of ICO 

Sept 30th 2017 

Dec 31st 2017 

October 2017 List DDF token on major exchanges 



Quarterly Dividend 

Fund net profits are distributed as quarterly dividend. 

Token holders receive dividends through a smart 

contract as Ether payment to the address they used 

to buy into the ICO.  

 

The fund management fee is 2.5%. 

Current Fund Valuation 

The fund is currently valued at $3.3m USD. Gross 

proceeds of the ICO will participate in net profits pro-

rata. For example, if the ICO raises $10m USD, token 

holders will have a 75% participation in the net 

profits. 

Profit Distribution 

• 50% of net profit is distributed to investors and token holders. 

• Performance fee (5% hurdle rate): 

• 0-5% net profit:  0 % performance fee 

• 5-10% net profit:  5% performance fee 

• 10-15% net profit:  12% performance fee 

• > 15% net profit: 15% performance fee 

• Remainder (at least 35%) is reinvested. 

Net Profit Distribution 



Fund Management 

Michael Marcovici 
Managing Director 

Michael’s expertise in the Internet business stretches 
back to 1991 when there was no WWW or domains. 
Michael is the founder of the Austria Börsenbrief, a 
financial investment magazine, and was a private equity 
fund manager for five years.  

Michael became involved with domains in 2002 when 
he started to register, buy and sell valuable domains. 
With more than 20 years of experience in business and 
expertise in the financial markets, Michael is in charge 
of the strategic orientation and asset allocation of the 
fund. 

Davies Guttman 
Asset Manager 
 
Davies is a seasoned Alternative Investments specialist. 
He has involved for the last 20 years in hedge funds, 
futures trading and other investments. From 2008 to 
2012, Davies was Director of FTC Capital, one of 
Austria’s leading Managed Futures. Since 2012 Davies 
Guttmann has been a Director of Financial Fairplay AG 
in Switzerland, providing consulting services on 
alternative portfolios and digital trading. 

An experienced 
team. With a 
combined 
experience of 15 
years in crypto 
currencies,  20 years 
in domain names 
and 35 years in 
finance, our team is 
fit to meet the 
challenges of digital 
assets. 
 



Advisory Board 

Dave Appleton 
Technical Advisor 

Dave is an expert in blockchain technology and has 

worked on a number of state of the art blockchain 

codebases. He specializes in Ethereum smart contracts. 

Dave studied at Imperial and King’s Colleges in London 

in the 1970s, resulting in a Bachelor’s degree in 

Electronic Engineering. After receiving his Master’s 

degree (Management of Technology) at the National 

University of Singapore, he founded Calistra Research 

Labs developing advanced machine vision systems. 

Gaurang Torvekar 
Technical Advisor 

Gaurang is the Co-Founder and CTO of Attores, a 

blockchain company based out of Singapore. Gaurang 

is also the co-organizer of the Ethereum Singapore 

Meetup. He has been active in the Singapore Ethereum 

community since the very beginning and is considered 

an expert on Smart Contracts.  

Tobias Ratschiller 
Advisor 

Tobias has been active in the Internet industry for the 

past 20 years as entrepreneur, advisor and investor. 

Through his company Senza Limiti, he invests in digital 

assets such as domains and websites, and has realized 

several seven figure exits. Tobias is an active crypto 

currency investor since 2012. 

Andras Kristof 
ICO Advisor 

Andras is an entrepreneur and investor living in 

Singapore. He built the technology behind viki.com, 

Singapore's largest exit so far. He has been involved in 

blockchain development since 2013. He founded and 

contributed to several projects in the space. Currently 

he is working on yojee.com, a collaborative 

economy/logistics company, utilizing Ethereum. 



Advisory Board 

Ruslan Gavrilyuk 
ICO Advisor 

Ruslan is co-founder and President of Token-as-a-

Service (TaaS), a last generation closed end fund that 

allows its investors to capitalize on the rise of 

blockchain markets. Gavrilyuk has more than 14 years’ 

experience in founding and managing projects in 

geoscience, mobile money solutions, oil and gas 

operations, precious minerals mining, sports and 

fashion.  

Reuben Godfrey 
ICO Advisor 

Reuben has worked in sales, business development, 

finance and operations roles for major multinationals 

and start-ups in the tech, telecoms and pharmaceutical 

industries globally. He has worked as a journalist and is 

frequently interviewed and asked for comment by tech 

and mainstream media as well as speaking at and 

hosting seminars and conferences. 

He is co-founder the Blockchain Association of Ireland 

and the Irish Chamber of Commerce in Slovakia. 

George Danelia 
ICO Advisor 

George is an expert in commodity markets advising 

senior clients in the Asia region. From 2013 to 2016, he 

was Vice President of Morgan Stanley in Singapore; 

before that, he served as Vice President for Barclays 

Capital in Asia. George is active in crypto currencies and 

also serves on the advisory board of ZrCoin. 

Rune Evensen 
ICO Advisor 

Rune is an entrepreneur and start-up strategist living in 

Singapore. He is the Chief Visionary Officer and Co-

founder of coss.io, a Singapore based platform for the 

cryptocurrency ecosystem, featuring payment 

gateway/POS, exchange and other applications. His 

company is corporate member of ACCESS, the 

Singapore Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Industry 

Association and SFA, Singapore Fintech Association.  



Key Figures  
Type Open-Ended + DDF Token 

Jurisdiction Cayman Islands  

Share Classes USD (Class A) / Ether(Class B) 

ISIN (Class A) KYG280681076 

CUSIP No. (Class A) XD0284888167 

SIX Telekurs (Class A) 11536830 

Reuters (Class A) 
 

DOMDEVA KY 

Directors Michael Marcovici, Davies Guttman 

Management Fee 2.5% 

Performance Fee 5% hurdle, up to 15% 

Auditors BDO, Grant Thornton 

Web www.digitaldevelopersfund.com 

Banks to Order Credit Suisse, Bank of America,  
Citibank, UBS, Raiffeisen  



DDF Partners 

SEDO 
Domain Monetization, Sales & Escrow 

EURODNS 
Domain Registrar 

DOMAININDEX 
Data Provider 

GRANT THORNTON 
Auditor For Proof of Funds 

ICOValley 
Asia Partner 

TAAS 
Cryptographic Audit 

COSS.IO 
Crypto Exchange 



Risks 
Purchasing and holding DDF Tokens is a high risk, speculative investment. By purchasing, holding and using DDF Tokens, you expressly 
acknowledge and assume the following risks: 
Risk of Losing Access to DDF Tokens Due to Loss of Private Key(s), Custodial Error or Purchaser Error 
A private key, or a combination of private keys, is necessary to control and dispose of DDF Tokens stored in your digital wallet or vault.  
Accordingly, loss of requisite private key(s) associated with your digital wallet or vault storing DDF Tokens will result in loss of such DDF 
Tokens.  Moreover, any third party that gains access to such private key(s), including by gaining access to login credentials of a digital 
wallet or vault service you use, may be able to misappropriate your DDF Tokens.  Any errors or malfunctions caused by or otherwise 
related to the digital wallet or vault you choose to receive and store DDF Tokens, including your own failure to properly maintain or 
use such digital wallet or vault, may also result in the loss of your DDF Tokens.  Additionally, your failure to follow precisely the 
procedures set forth or buying and receiving DDF Tokens, including, for instance, if you provide the wrong address for receiving DDF 
Tokens, may result in the loss of your DDF Tokens. 
Risks Associated with the Ethereum Protocol 
Because DDF Tokens and the Platform are based on the Ethereum protocol, any malfunction, breakdown or abandonment of the 
Ethereum protocol may have a material adverse effect on the Platform or DDF Tokens.  Moreover, advances in cryptography, or 
technical advances such as the development of quantum computing, could present risks to DDF Tokens and the Platform, including 
the utility of DDF Tokens for obtaining Services, by rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins the 
Ethereum protocol. 
Risk of Mining Attacks 
Risk of Hacking and Security Weaknesses 
Risks Associated with Markets for DDF Tokens 
Risk of Uninsured Losses 
Risks Associated with Uncertain Regulations and Enforcement Actions 
Risks Arising from Taxation 
Risk of an Unfavorable Fluctuation of Ether and Other Currency Value 
Risk of Dissolution of the Company 
Risks Arising from Lack of Governance Rights 
Please request the Prospectus for a more complete discussion of these risks. 



This presentation is purely informational. Prospective participants should request and consider the Prospectus before making any 
investment decision. This presentation does not constitute a recommendation by Company, the Directors, the Investment Manager or 
any other person, or advice to any recipient of this this presentation, on the merits of participation in the ICO. This presentation does 
not necessarily identify, or purport to identify, all the risk factors associated with Company.  Prospective participants must make their 
own independent assessment, after making such investigations as they consider necessary, of the merits of participating in the ICO.  
Prospective participants should consult and rely upon their own investment, accounting, legal and tax representatives and advisers as 
to such matters concerning Company and to evaluate independently the financial risks, consequences and suitability of an investment 
in Company, or if in any doubt about the contents of this presentation.  
 
Investment in Company carries substantial risk and may involve special risks that could lead to a loss of all or a substantial portion of 
such investment (see further under the section headed “Risk Factors”). Unless prospective participants fully understand and accept the 
nature of Company and the potential risks inherent in Company they should not invest in Company. Each prospective participant is 
wholly responsible for ensuring that all aspects of Company are acceptable to them.    
 
There can be no assurance that Company’s investment objective will be achieved and investment results may vary substantially over 
time.  Investment in Company is not intended to be a complete investment program for any investor.  Prospective participants should 
carefully consider whether an investment is suitable for them in light of their circumstances and financial resources.  
 
Prospective participants should inform themselves as to the legal requirements within the countries of their nationality, residence, 
ordinary residence or domicile for such acquisition, any foreign exchange restrictions or exchange control requirements which they 
might encounter on acquisition or disposal of DDF Tokens and the income tax and other taxation consequences which might be 
relevant to the acquisition, holding or disposal of DDF Tokens. In particular the information in this presentation is not intended for and 
applicable to U.S. citizens or legal entities domiciled in the U.S. Financial instruments or products referred to in this presentation must 
not be offered in the United States of America and must not be sold to U.S. citizens or legal entities domiciled in the U.S. 
 
IF THE PROSPECTIVE PARTICIPANT IS IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE CONTENTS OF THIS DOCUMENT THEY SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR 
ACCOUNTANT, LEGAL ADVISER OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER BEFORE INVESTING.  

Disclaimer 



www.digitaldevelopersfund.com 

info@digitaldevelopersfund.com 

Contact 

DDF Asset Ltd 
89 Nexus Way, Camama Bay 
Grand Cayman 

ISIN XD0284888167 


