











































DocCoin

www.doc-coin.com

The best way to be healthy



2 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

Table of Content:

Introduction                                                            3

2  Product information                                             4
2.1. Examples and comparison  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   4
2.2. Definition of the problem  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   4
2.3. Solution   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  5
2.4. Advantages for customers  .    .    .    .    .    .    .    .    .    .   6
2.5. Advantages for doctors  .    .    .    .    .    .    .    .    .    .    .   6
2.6. Advantages for business   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  7

3  Market Overview                                                  7

4  Technology                                                       13
4.1. How to start working with DoccCoin   .   .   .   .   .   . 13
4.2. How does look like the process of doctors reward.   . 13
4.3. Conducting the transaction    .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 13
4.4. Smart contracts .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 14
4.5. DocCoin token  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 14
4.6. Functions of the token  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 14
4.7. Monetization of the product 
and the economy of the DocCoin token  .    .    .    .    .    .    . 15

The result                                                             15

Road map                                                             16

Sales of DocCoin tokens                                         17

Our team                                                              20

Conclusion                                                            22



3 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

 Introduction

In the real world, there are huge problems that 
most people face every day in the field of medicine and 
telemedicine. DocCoin is a decentralized platform that 
provides safe, fast and convenient service to telemedicine.

Our smart contract provides access to doctors, clients 
and patients from all over the world. On our resource you 

can get prescriptions for medicines and directions 
for tests. All medical data will be safely stored on the 
blockchain.

You can use our service on the site or through the 
application "Doctor in pocket" and get Online consultation 
from leading experts, wherever you are 24 hours a day, 7 
days a week. 



4 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

2  Product information

2 1  Examples and comparison

We want to give you a small example from real life, and you will see how our 
product can help to solve and facilitate the problems that exist today for every 
person. Let's say you have a car. Or you bought it, it does not matter new or an old 
one. The car has a service book, which you or the car service manager fill in as you 
pass those services. So you do it the whole life of the car. Suppose you moved to 
another city, country or just change the car service. When you contact a new service, 
the manager will simply have your entire service history and, possibly, thanks to 
this, you can avoid serious breakdowns such as engine replacement. You just can 
foresee a possible breakdown, and spend less money.

However, now we will speak not about the car but about our health. Unfortunately, 
our health can not be repaired as the engine of your car.

You need to take care of yourself, and you need to do this regularly.
This is a serious problem. People are not stable and prone to stress, they often 

move and have little rest. In the modern world, a person does not have time for 
himself and his health.

2 2  Definition of the problem

The implementation of our project will be fully based on a decentralized network.
Most people simply do not remember the past illnesses and do not conduct a medical 

history of the diseases. Most often they forget
what medicine was taken, what treatment was prescribed. As a result, there is a 

constant search for new specialists, because medicine is no longer medicine 
but a business that is built on other people's diseases. But the most terrible thing is 

that a person understands all this and constantly endures and postpones to a later the 
medical testing or visits to the doctor because of the distrust or because of a lack of the 
result. 

DocCoin will put an end to all this mess with the help of blockchain technology. 
Our project will be completely transparent and decentralized. You finally will be able 

to understand that you have found the very doctor you can trust and that gives you a 
real result. Your entire story will be completely protected.

Now you will have a decentralized storage of your medical data and tests, as well as 
access to the best specialists from around the globe.



5 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

We know that there are specialists in specific diseases in every country. Some  
countries are the leaders in the diagnosis and treatment of certain diseases. For example, 
the best cancer specialists are in Israel and Germany.

2 3  Solution

And then our smart contract starts working. 
You no longer need to think about where to turn. You don't have to worry about 

money you spend on the phone calls from one point of the world to another. Moreover, 
you will not have to pay extra money to translate the prescriptions from a foreign 
language. On our platform, it will be possible to make a voice translation from the 
patient's language to the doctor's language and conversely. You can also write if it 
is more convenient for you. Since the telemedicine is already included in insurance, 
you just need to use our service, where you choose the necessary specialist.

The data will be stored in the encrypted cloud storage, the doctor will see all the 
necessary information about you from the first diagnosis to the latest tests. This 
will help you to find the doctor you can trust and who will give you the real result. 

After you got the result, you pay for the medical service on our platform with 
the help of tokens through your personal wallet. The "Doc in pocket" app will also 
be released.

DocCoin will unite everything into one huge, powerful, global resource: 
doctors, hospitals, laboratories, insurance companies. Each DocCoin transaction 
will be recorded on a blockchain, which will make the system transparent, safe and 
environmentally clean in the world of telemedicine.



6 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

2 4  Advantages for customers

•	 Consultation of doctors from around the world 24 hours a day, 7 
days a week (as we make a decentralized network, we connect the entire 
telemedicine industry to our eco system .You can choose from more than 10 
million specialists already registered on working resources of telehealth);

•	 In our eco system, safe storage of medical records;
•	 Prescriptions and referrals to hospitals (our medical agents) without 

leaving home, our system is completely autonomous and safe;
•	 The fair price for the service (as in our system we bypass the state 

authorities and health authorities, we do not need to pay salaries to doctors, 
bear the costs of renting and maintaining hospital facilities, transportation 
costs and medical insurance). We are a decentralized autonomous organization, 
the medical services will be handled by tokens;

•	 Management of pregnancy, observation of newborns, mentally ill, and 
also for people with chronic diseases;

•	 Convenient application Doc in pocket (there also be a special bracelet 
created by us, which will collect data on the state of your health). You will be 
able it to remote monitoring, and it will upload data to the cloud storage.

2 5  Advantages for doctors

•	 100% guarantee of the reward with our tokens for the reception of the 
services (exchange of tokens for services from the patient to the doctor); 

•	 Possibility to advise the patient in the native language; 
•	 Remote monitoring of the client's condition (using a specially created 

bracelet that will collect patient's health data and upload data to the cloud 
storage);  

•	 The opportunity to share skills and experience with colleagues around 
the world (this is very important in this area, so that our doctors do not put 
experiments on people, and based only on their professional experience); 

•	 Transparent, safe and complete medical history of the client 



7 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

2 6  Advantages for business

In our eco-system, it will be possible to plug medical agents, which is 
also very important and will allow us to increase the number of our users at 
times  These will be pharmacies, hospitals, diagnostic centers, insurance companies, 
hospices, boarding houses . Just imagine how our eco system will change and expand 
the telemedicine market and medicine in general!

 
3  Market Overview

According to statistics, the telemedicine market in 2014 was estimated at $ 
10.97 billion. At the same time, the growth rate of the market in 2014 was 32%. 
If the current trend continues, by 2020, the telemedicine market will reach $ 58.8 
billion. During this period, the average annual growth rate of CAGR = 31%. The 
largest investment transactions on the market in telemedicine in 2014

Analysis of the largest investment transactions in the field of medical technology 
allows us to draw the following conclusions: The amount of investment in medical 
projects has increased significantly compared to 2013. In 2014, the investment 
was amounted to 6.5 billion dollars. Growth in comparison with 2013 was 125%. 
Large and well-known companies consider this sphere attractive and promising, incl. 
Google Ventures, Tencent.

With the advent of telemedicine technologies, people began to actively monitor 
various indicators of their health and physical activity independently. According 
to research, almost 30% of housewives in the US who have access to broadband 
Internet access own at least one activity tracker or medical sensor. Another 13% 
plan to purchase a similar device in the next 12 months. The following devices are 
most popular among users in the US:

• Sport equipment with built-in application - 13% own, 6% are going to buy
• Fitness tracker - 7% own, 5% are going to buy
• A tonometer connected to the network - 6% own, 4% are going to purchase
• Digital scales - 4% own, 4% are going to purchase
• Watch with GPS - 4% own, 3.5% are going to purchase
• Sleep quality monitor - 2.5% own, 4% are going to purchase
• "Smart" medicine boxes and inhalers - 2% owned, 4% going to buy
• Glucometer - 2% used, 3.5% going to buy



8 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

Mobile applications 

The mobile applications for smartphones in the field of health is the fastest 
growing segment of the telemedicine market. There are four main categories of 
mobile applications: general health and fitness (fitness and nutrition, etc.) medical 
information (directories, information, diagnosis, education), remote consultation 
and monitoring, health management (patient electronic cards, logical and payment 
support ). Virtual treatment is becoming more popular, attracting the convenience 
and economy of not only patients and doctors, but also of the large investors.

By volume of the market, the industry already occupies the third place among 
the most attractive investment projects in the world, and all this is due to 70 percent 
of calls of people with chronic diseases.

According to analysts' forecasts, in the US the telemedicine market will grow 
by 67% per year. Already in 2018, the number of online patients will be more than 
7 million people. For comparison: in 2012 there were 344 thousand. Our survey 
showed that 83% of funds are going to invest in the development of telemedicine 
this year, and only 1% answered negatively.

Telemedicine has become one of the key modern megatrends, to which 
the attention of the most respected funds is riveted. The head of the American 
Telemedicine Association commented on the situation in an interview with RT: "The 
world has long realized that remote diagnostics and treatment should not 
be feared  With the help of modern technologies it is possible to collect and 
analyze sometimes more information about a patient than for a 15-minute 
internal reception " RT director of the Institute of Health Economics Larysa 
Popovich: "The market of medical services is steadily growing and requires 
constant technological development, which means that its financing is 
potentially beneficial for investors "



9 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

According to Bloomberg, only in the US venture investments in digital health 
care over the past five years have grown from almost zero to $ 2 billion. According to 
the report of the analytical company, in 2016 the amount of world investment in the 
industry increased by 27%, which put telemedicine in the third place among the most 
attractive investment projects, after the production of gadgets and investments 
in analytical technologies. As experts note, thanks to distance medicine in the US, 
the number of patient transportations has already declined from 2.2 million to 1.4 
million, which resulted in savings of about 0.5 billion dollars. The fastest growth in 
the online medicine market (an average of 35.6% per year), analysts predict in the 
APR countries, which is primarily due to the increasing aging of the population in 
Asia and the high level of introduction of IT technologies in this region. The largest 
telemedicine market ranks first in the US, then China and Japan.

2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018

Connectable to the Internet
medical devices (MLN pcs )

Number of remote monitoring devices 50% per year



10 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 20182012 2019 2020

6,7 8,3
11

14,5
19,2

25,4

33,6

44,4

58,8

Volume of telemedicine market ($ BLN)

Growth of the telemedicine market by 30% per year



11 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

2 Italy

2 India

2 Canada

3 Brasil

3 Russia

3 France

4 Germany

6 Japan

10 China

23 USA

42 Other

The shares of the world telemedicine market (%)

1/4 of the world telemedicine market is occupied by the USA



12 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

Include
in the medical
insurance

96%

Not include
in the medical

insurance

4%

The share of American companies that will include telemedicine in the 
insurance package in 2018 

In 2018 96% of American companies will include telemedicine 
in medical insurance



13 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

4  Technology

 4 1  How to start working with DoccCoin

The user enters to the site Doc-Coin.com and registers the account. During 
registration of a new account, the system creates a user profile and a wallet based 
on the existing ecosystem and DocCoin crypto currency.

Once the user has access to his personal account
, he will be able to synchronize his medical data and also refill the wallet with 

the required amount of DocCoin. To do this, he will need to make data from the 
medical cards (or attach copies of medical examinations and our system will do it 
automatically). You can refill your purse using one of the methods that suits you, 
for example, for purchasing DocCoin, you can use your credit card. If the user has 
another crypto currency, the system will instantly exchange available funds from 
the user for DocCoin using existing exchanges.

4 2  How does look like the process of doctors reward

Patient - DocCoin - smart contract - doctor

The patient will need to enter our doccoin service, select a suitable doctor and 
press the SOS button. After that, he will receive a notification for the consultation 
(video call), which he will have to confirm. The token will automatically be taken from 
balance , according to the cost indicated by the doctor at one time (appointment for 
treatment, prescription for medicine, entering medical data into the decentralized 
cloud storage, everything is already included in the cost of the consultation). As 
soon as the patient presses the button to confirm, the tokens will automatically be 
credited to the doctor's wallet.

 
4 3  Conducting the transaction

When the patient chooses the doctor he needs, his data is generated, then a 
digital signature is created for verification. Its data is sent to encrypted cloud storage, 
where each patient will have a personal record number that will be registered on 
our blockchain . There will also be records of information on the state of health, 
receptions, prescriptions for medicines. Through our application you will be able to 
track all medical records that will be made by your doctor.



14 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

Smart encryption is a private access code that will be placed in our blockchainchip 
for the convenience of the patient. When the course of treatment is over or you 
want the doctor not to see the history of your further examination with another 
specialist, you will be able to apply the smart encryption. This can be enabled on our 
service. With this function, the doctor with whom the smart contract was performed 
will have access only to his course of treatment. 

4 4  Smart contracts

We are developing our own technology for implementing a smart contract. Smart 
contract allows you to implement complex chains of interaction between the client 
and the doctor.

We want to create a multi-level system. Transparency and efficiency of blockchain 
is used 100% if it is created on a block system. For this we are considering the 
possibility of creating a special designer. It will allow you to set the basic conditions 
for the implementation of the contract.

4 5  DocCoin token

NOTE: 
Cryptographic tokens of which the speech is going, this tokens are on the working 

blockchain what supports software DocCoin. They are ERC-20, which are available on 
the blockchain Ethereum.

We will exchange DocCoin for Ethereum during crowdsdale. You will need the 
Ethereum wallet, which supports ERC-20 (just do not use the wallet address on 
the exchange). If you have a BTC or another crypto currency, then you will need to 
exchange it somewhere for ETH to participate in the crowdsdale.

4 6  Functions of the token

DocCoin release their tokens to create the world's first open, transparent, safe 
and environmentally friendly system in the world of telemedicine.

Everything will be fully developed on the blockchain chains:
• A currency to pay for the services of a doctor;
• Purchase a decentralized cloud storage of medical data;
• Payments for Medical Agents;



15 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

• Purchase of medical medicines.

4 7  Monetization of the product and the economy of the DocCoin token

Profit is achieved through commission fees for transactions in DocCoin tokens. 
Fees are net profit. The reward will be in DocCoin tokens using smart-contract.

 
The result

DocCoin will turn over and change the Telemedicine market. We will open all the 
possibilities and potential of blocking technology and apply it to real business.

The doctor's service will be exchanged for tokens and this will greatly affect the 
final price. There will be no costs for payment mechanisms and their subsequent 
fees, which, depending on the country, are virated up to 28% of the price. For our 
tokens, customers will be able to exchange for the services of a doctor, store medical 
cards in our cloud storage, order insurance from our medical agents, medication, and 
pay for themselves a sanatorium, all thanks to the blocky blockade.

Thus, we are building a completely autonomous, decentralized, environmentally 
friendly system.



16 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

Road map

2015/12
The birth of the idea to apply 
Blockchain in the field of medicine. 2016/04

Assessment of the problem with 
leading industry experts.2016/11

Negotiations with agents
(pharmacies, hospitals, sanatoriums,
diagnostic centers). 2017/02

Discussion of conditions of cooperation
with device manufacturers

remote monitoring.
2017/05
Overview of the world telemedicine 
market and methods of monetization. 2017/08

Development of own system based on 
Smart contract.2017/10

Preparation for the ICO. 

2018/05
Start trading 

on cryptocurrency exchange.2018/08
Marketing company.

2018/11
Signing contracts.

2019/01
Launching the software.

2019/05
Attraction of telemedicine 

companies.2019/09
State financing of DocCoin.



17 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

Sales of DocCoin tokens
 
Number of tokens per ICO: 200 000 000
Accepted currencies: ETH
Number of tokens for one person: unlimited
Additional issue of tokens: impossible

PRE ICO

Start PRE ICO: 25 January 2018
End PRE ICO: 2 February 2018
Number of tokens per pre ICO 60 000 000
Exchange rate of DocCoin: 0.0001ETH (-50%)
Minimum transaction amount ETH: 0.2ETH

PRE ICO will last 7 days 
and we make a discount,

DocCoin exchange rate 0 0001ETH (-50%)

ICO

Start ICO: 9 February 2018
End ICO: 11 March 2018

Exchange rate of DocCoin: 0.0002ETH
Number of available tokens: 80 000 000
Minimum transaction amount ETH: 0.1ETH

ICO will last for 30 days, exchange rate
1-7 day = 0 00016ETH (-20%)
7-30 day = 0.0002ETH



18 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

Token distribution:

11% Early
investors

19% Team

40% between
investors
on ICO Sale

30% between
investors
on PRE ICO Sale



19 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

11% Early investors

Use of funds received during TokenSale:

53% Software development

15% Operating 
expenses

10% Marketing

2% Research

5% Legal support

4% Consulting



20 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

Nikita Zykov
Founder and CEO 

Nikita  was engaged in fish business. Owned a retail chain of 25 
fish stores. He also owned the amber processing plant focused on 
the market in China and Asia. In 2014 Blockchain assets investor.

Kirill Sevalnev
CFO

Worked as a CFO in several trading and manufacturing 
companies for the last 10 years. He has experience in attracting 
investments, financial control and management. GUU Financial 
Management, ICM Accounting and Finance

Finance, Management, Investments.

Elena Sokolova
Project Manager

 Was engaged in commercial projects in a team of marketers. 
She wrote articles for various publications.

Has experience in the PR of politicians. Realized several 
successful political companies. At this stage, I was interested in 
the world of technologies and decided to link the further activity 
of the marketer and journalist with the crypto currency.

Our team



21 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

Anton Gunin
DocCoin design and Implementation

He received a higher economic education in the specialty of 
commerce. For 10 years I have been developing and producing 
visual communications.

Vitaly Shchudrov
Program Manager

After graduating from a private university in Poland he worked 
in large Russian banks. He participated in many projects in the field 
of finance, marketing and tourism. Currently he is interested in IT 
projects and cryptographic world. He graduated from the Lazar 
University, Banking and Insurance, SU-HSE Financial Analyst.

  

Alina Yarovaya
Marketing Executive

Graduated from the Master of Marketing and Communications 
in 2013. My experience in digital marketing has allowed me to 
work on exciting global projects in a wide variety of industries, 
including a successful educational company and software start-
up. Currently I work for a fin-tech company in London.

Vyacheslav Poskonin
Software engineer

10 years of experience. Software engineer, experience in 
developing cryptographic information protection tools. Proficient 
in C++, JavaScript, Solidity and smart contract development.



22 из 22 www.doc-coin.com

DocCoin

Conclusion

We sincerely believe that DocCoin is necessary for the 
telemedicine market. This faith is so great that we will 
work on our project of independence from the fees and 
interest of investors.

DocCoin is not a marketing product, so we do not 
exclude that the deep idea of   our product will not be 
understood by the broad community

A wide range of medical agents and our allies will 
ensure our product continued growth and development.

We believe that the crypto-currency market, now
in the trend and he became the driver of economic 

development. This is why we create DocCoin


	 Introduction
	2. Product information
	2.1. Examples and comparison
	2.2. Definition of the problem
	2.3. Solution
	2.4. Advantages for customers
	2.5. Advantages for doctors
	2.6. Advantages for business
	3. Market Overview

	4. Technology
	 4.1. How to start working with DoccCoin
	4.2. How does look like the process of doctors reward
	4.3. Conducting the transaction
	4.4. Smart contracts
	4.5. DocCoin token
	4.6. Functions of the token
	4.7. Monetization of the product and the economy of the DocCoin token

	The result
	Road map
	Sales of DocCoin tokens
	Our team
	Conclusion

