











































Whitepaper 2.0

Infrastructure Platform and Payment Gateway
for Esports and Gaming



Table of Contents
Abstract
Market Overview
Problem & Solution
Product & Strategy
Token Functionality
Blockchain
Technological Stack
Competitor Analysis
User Acquisition Cost and Strategy
Economics
Token Sale
Use of Funds, Token Distribution
Financial Forecast
Business Roadmap
Team
Advisory Board
Lead Investor
Partners
Contacts
Sources

2



Abstract
The desire to compete is in our nature. Striving to be faster, better, stronger at 

everything - from faster cars to sports achievements to… becoming the best player 
on a gaming server!

Presently, gaming is the largest entertainment market on the planet. It is a $100Bn 
industry covering ⅓ of the world population i.e. 2.3Bn people as of 2017. Competitive 
gaming, a thin line between gaming and sports, has emerged in which players pit their 
skills against one another online. It already has over 1.4 Bn users concentrated around 
the top-10 most competitive titles like Counter-Strike, League of Legends, Dota 2 and 
Overwatch, etc. Esports, as it is today, has emerged from competitive gaming - that 
is, when players compete against each other in computer games professionally.

Esports is one of the fastest growing digital markets with a 33% annual growth 
rate. Its opportunities are endless: esports will have over 1Bn enthusiasts & viewers 
by 2023, which is ⅓ of all gamers, and will become the #1 sport of the future. But 
with all this potential, the esport industry’s growth is still currently hampered by the 
insecurity and fraud of transactions, no single point of entry, and limited market 
knowledge and business tools.

This is where DreamTeam comes into play - as the first all-in-one infrastructure 
platform for competitive gaming and a payment gateway for esports! We are acting 
as the secured payment gateway ensuring mutual trust and delivery by creating 
the basis for a solid economy of esports. And by offering an all-in-one network 
interconnecting all parts of the esports ecosystem under one roof, our goal is to 
make esports accessible to everyone willing to join and compete. As an all-in-one 
platform, we are unlocking the possibility for hundreds of millions of gamers, millions 
of teams, dozens of thousands of sponsors, advertisers and tournaments to securely 
connect with each other and become a part of the global esports ecosystem, where 
we have a unique opportunity to unlock a $50Bn economy in a matter of a few years.

3



Market Overview

Just some 20 years ago, the gaming industry was taking its first steps as a 
developing market with a yearly revenue of under $200M. Back in the 90’s, we played 
everlasting hits like Super Mario, Legend of Zelda, DOOM, Duke Nukem and Half-Life - 
all immensely entertaining despite their limited single-player mode.

4

Gaming market

But playing against your computer could never compare to the level of 
engagement and challenges when faced by real opponents. So as the evolution of 
the internet and technology progressed, the era of multiplayer gaming began and the 
gaming market rapidly expanded

Today it already encompasses 2.3 Bn people and continues to grow. Each year it will 
continue growing, covering more and more of the yet claimed audiences. 

In perspective, the gaming market revenue was $101Bn in 2016, $109Bn in 2017 and 
is projected to slowly grow year-over-year and reach $129Bn in 2020 with a CAGR of 
around 6%. The gaming audience growth is showing similar signs of steady but slow 
growth with a CAGR of 5% and 2.2Bn viewers in 2016, 2.3Bn in 2017 and a projected 
2.7Bn in 2020 if the growth rates remain the same.



Competitive gaming as a major part 
of the gaming industry

The core of competitive gaming and a large part of the gaming market is in 
competition between players or teams in the online multiplayer games. Remember 
that 1.5 Bn users are registered in the top-10 competitive titles on PC alone, and the 
revenue of such games equals to about 45% of the entire PC gaming market revenue, 
around $11Bn. Eight out of ten titles are team-based games like Counter-Strike, 
League of Legends, DotA 2, World of Tanks and Overwatch, all played 5-on-5 or 6-on-6.

5



6

As in traditional sports, team-based games are by far the most popular for their 
intense visuals and interest for the viewers. And with its growing popularity, esports is 
spanning not only across the PC market, but on consoles and mobile markets as well. 
Indeed, consoles have a variety of competitive titles such as Call of Duty, Star Wars 
Battlefront II and Battlefield that have a huge fan base. For example, Call of Duty sold 
over 250M game copies which equates to roughly $15Bn.

Another important part of the ecosystem is mobile esports - e.g. Clash of Clans 
has over 100M daily active users who enjoy playing on the go. Vainglory is one more 
competitive mobile video game that left its Beta in 2015 with over 1.5M active users. 
And the majority of players in both games are teens and young adults. The company 
behind Clash of Clans, Supercell, generated $2.3 billion in revenue and profited $964 
million last year. Just think about it, the $5.5 billion-dollar gaming company is worth 
more than LinkedIn, AirBnB, and Twitter combined.

We should also consider the potential of the VR & AR gaming market which is 
rapidly developing and is expected to reach its full potential in 4-5 years. In 2014, 
The VR/AR market was only worth $100M and in 2017 it had already surpassed $1Bn. 
That’s a ten-fold growth in just 3 years with a potential to hit $20Bn revenue in 2020, 
provided that a few “killer apps” are created. Esports fans are a major buying force of 
VR/AR hardware and games. Actually, according to Newzoo research, 52% of esports 
enthusiasts are planning to buy something connected to VR in the next 6 months. And 
63% of all VR buyers are, at least, casual esports viewers. The number of people aged 
16-35 who play esports is pretty much equal to those who play traditional sports like 
ice hockey and baseball.



The younger population is keen to embrace the digital age and VR/AR technological 
advances only support the growing trend. It may soon be like in the movie Tron: 
Legacy, where the full physical and intellectual capacities become combined and lead 
to a new world with virtual stadiums and augmented reality for viewers.

The dedication and number of fans striving to become amateur or pro players are 
outstanding indeed. Nearly half of the 300M core players are engaged in competitive 
activities such as ranked matches (matches with a special ranking system) or some 
mini/amateur tournaments and want to know more about the reality of professional 
gaming - players, teams and tournaments.

7

In the top competitive titles, the numbers are even higher: according to the open 
source stats site Steamspy.com, there are 100+M registered users in DOTA2 with 
~13M unique active monthly players with over 40% of them playing 40+ hours a 
month. The same with Counter Strike: Global Offensive – 35% of its ~9M unique 
monthly players, play 40+ hours a month.

This is a pressing issue for amateur players that has yet to be resolved, as 4 out of 5 
League of Legends players, for example, want to compete professionally, yet have no 
clear way of doing so.



Esports is the realm of competitive gaming, meaning that people are making a 
living competing in video games. It is one of the highest potential markets on the 
planet within the hardest to reach audience aged 16-36.

The current esports market has a revenue of $700M with an active audience of 
nearly 200M, making it an average revenue of $3.5 per user, who are willing not only 
to watch, but to actively participate and make a living with esports. Furthermore, the 
compound annual growth rate is a staggering 33%. At the same time, this market is 
limited to the top 1000 players and about 100 teams, who together hold the biggest 
share of money in esports, namely, the $300M sponsorships and media rights 
sales pie, $120M in advertising revenue, $100M of prize money and $40M in player 
compensations and salaries.

Esports market revenue and audience

8



9

The esports market revenue was $0.5Bn in 2016, $0.7Bn in 2017, $1Bn in 2018 and is 
projected to grow to $1.5Bn in 2020 with a 33% CAGR. The esports audience is also 
growing fast with a 324M audience in 2016, 390M in 2017 and could reach 590M in 
2020 with a 17% CAGR.

From the historical perspective, modern esports first emerged in 1997 and 
remained in the so-called “Dark Ages” up until 2003. At that time, it was an 
underground movement with prize pools usually amounting to a case of beer. The 
total revenue of esports at that time was just around $5M.

In the years 2004-2010 what one might call the “Renaissance” of esports 
happened. That’s when esports became a widespread movement, alas an 
unstructured one, with the entire market worth around $50M. 

In 2011-2016 esports rose to fame and became a Global Phenomenon with $500M 
in revenue. At that time, esports began to seriously challenge and at times even 
exceed traditional sports in terms of popularity. Prize pools were reaching $20M in 
some instances.

We are now on the verge of a breakthrough as traditional sports have reached 
their peak all the while more and more young adults and teens are actively pursuing 
competitive gaming as their key pastime. Many believe that esports titles will soon be 
officially included as part of the Olympics with their overall revenue exceeding $5Bn.

And the esports Olympic dream is growing ever closer. In February 2018, Intel 
brought amazing gaming experiences to PyeongChang ahead of the Olympic Winter 
Games 2018 - the Intel Extreme Masters (IEM) Season XII. The event hosted the 
esports tournament in “StarCraft® II” which was open to any player, at any level via 
global online qualifiers. It is noteworthy that the event was held with the support of 
the International Olympic Committee (IOC).

The future looks positive as the Olympic Channel has started engaging with the 
young audience through esports. With a budget of $450 million, it was created by the 
International Olympic Committee to ensure the year-round interest in the Olympic 
movement and attract younger viewership. According to the channel’s Executive 
Director, Yiannis Exarchos, the rise in popularity of competitive gaming cannot be 
ignored. And talks about allowing esports to be a part of the Olympics are ensuing.



10

In terms of the players, teams, tournaments and gaming structures, esports is very 
similar to traditional sports.

Comparison of esports market with sports market

But why invest in esports over the traditional sports market?

Current landscape

While the traditional sports market is by far one of the largest markets with a 2.8Bn 
audience and $150Bn in revenue, its very slow growth seems to have hit a ceiling. The 
sports market is highly regulated and its growth rate is not like it used to be 10-20 
years ago, as we are immersing further and further into the virtual gaming world. And 
esports has all the prerequisites to become the biggest sport on the planet.



11

The pressing question is, how many youngsters actually play traditional sports such 
as football, tennis or hockey on a regular basis? Some of them probably do. If you ask 
around you will be amazed by the fact that 8 out of 10 youngsters actively play video 
games. Of those, 7 out of 8 are playing competitive titles, creating a massive audience 
eager to find a way to begin the road to professional esports glory and monetize their 
play.

Esports is the #1 sport of the future?

This growing trend is going to turn esports into the most popular sport on our 
planet. We already have over 1,7Bn people that play online competitive video games 
on PC, Mobile, VR and Consoles. And being successful in competitive gaming is all the 
rage: getting a seat as a team at a large stadium and winning a tournament is what 
players long for most. Indeed, esports is so popular that in the years 2016-2017 a total 
of 70M people watched the LoL World Finals, 32M watched the DoTA 2 Internationals 
and 33M - the CS:GO ESL event in Cologne. This means that the combined viewership 
of these three tournaments was 135M. In comparison, the 2016-2017 NBA Finals only 
had a viewership of around 25M.

The total prize money pool exceeded $100M and one of the top esports players, 
Kuro “Kuroky” Takhasomi received over $2.5M in 2017, excluding his hefty salary and 
bonus payouts.



12

On top of that, esports has a number of unique opportunities that everyone is 
trying to exploit, like creating a brand new league which is virtually impossible to do 
these days in the highly regulated traditional sports industry. Developers, for instance, 
are rushing to create closed championships and leagues, like the NHL & NBA. Riot 
Games, the owner of League of Legends, has created a closed ecosystem that 
mimics such traditional sports leagues: there are 6 regional leagues (Korea, China, EU, 
NA, Taiwan/Hong Kong/Macao, SEA), and the top-2 placing teams in each region get 
a spot in the World Championship, which is very similar to the Championship League 
in football. The 2017 Season World’s prize pool was over $4.5M. And the overall 
amount of prize money awarded in various LoL competitions exceeded $12M in 2017. 
All of the media rights and tournaments have to be licensed and the profit goes to 
Riot Games, much similar to traditional sports TV broadcasting rights. As in traditional 
sports, the league will have a stable roster of franchises, and teams will share revenue 
from media deals.

The buy-in price to join the League of Legends league in North America is $10-13 
million per team, depending on the team’s track record. And the process is highly 
selective: from around 100 applications willing to shell out millions. The league owner 
- Riot Games, created a very narrowed down shortlist. For example, in 2017 they 
decided that the league would not expand and instead remain at just 10 teams.

VALVE, owner of CS:GO and Dota 2, in turn chose to create an open ecosystem, 
where any team can take part in open tournaments with the top teams progressing 
to the closed regional qualifiers. In Dota 2, for example, winners of those qualifiers 
can partake in over 10 Minors with a $300K prize pool and later in 10 Majors with a 
$1M prize pool in each tournament. Based on the results of each tournament, teams 
get qualification points, and a short list is created for the main event with as much as 
$24M in prizes up for grabs. As for CS:GO, there are 8 Minors and 2 Majors as well 
as over 20 smaller tournaments worldwide. Apart from the official VALVE sponsored 
tournaments, esports players can partake in thousands of tournaments that do not 
offer qualification points or serious prize money.



13

 As the CS:GO tournaments are becoming more popular, ELEAGUE was created 
and officially launched in 2016, which is now the premium esports tournament and 
content brand formed in partnership between Turner and IMG. A leader in the 
delivery of live event experiences, ELEAGUE content is regularly showcased on 
TBS and widely distributed across digital platforms including Twitch, YouTube and 
ELEAGUE.com. Over its first two years, ELEAGUE has produced and staged three 
season-long competitions featuring Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, along with the 
first-ever Overwatch® Open. 

Another notable mention goes to the Overwatch League, created by Blizzard. It is 
divided into two regions: Pacific and Atlantic. In each region there are 6 participating 
teams that represent cities: Seoul, London, Shanghai, etc. The league is franchised, 
and the price for a spot varies from 5 to 20 million US dollars. In 2017, within the 
framework of the Overwatch League, a prize fund of $3.5M will be drawn, and the 
season will be divided into several stages. Subsequently, all teams of the Overwatch 
League will acquire their own arenas in their hometowns, where they will conduct 
“home” matches. Contrary to the above mentioned video games, Blizzard created the 
Overwatch Open League - an open division, in which players with a high player rating 
can participate. 

Winners of these competitions in their region will get a chance to compete in the 
Overwatch Contenders tournament series in 2018. It is from this league new talents 
will be recruited for the Overwatch League. Thus, for the first time in esports history, 
a “healthy open” ecosystem has emerged, in which players replace each other as they 
would in traditional sports.



It’s also worth noting that the Olympic Council of Asia will be adding esports events 
to the 2018 and 2022 Asian Games in Jakarta, Indonesia and Hangzhou, China. No 
wonder that substantial investments are pouring into esports. For example, Tencent, 
the world’s largest game developer and the owner of Riot Games and Super Cell, has 
revealed its five-year investment plan into esports - $14.6Bn to create and complete 
within new leagues, tournaments, and associations. Additional financing for esports 
of nearly $1Bn came from the hands of Amazon which acquired Twitch, a live video-
game streaming site. Twitch is a major force on the web as it accounts for nearly 2% 
of all traffic in the U.S. with over 15 billion minutes of content, with users spending 
on average an unparalleled 100 minutes a day on the site. In turn, ESPN, that had 
previously covered esports via live streaming, television, and print coverage, launched 
a new online resource with in-depth news and research dedicated to the world of 
competitive gaming. Such games as League of Legends, Dota 2, and Counter-Strike: 
Global Offensive will be covered on par with traditional sports mastodons like the 
NFL, NBA, and MLB. And that’s yet another step towards the mainstream acceptance 
of professional video gaming.

14



15

Nowadays, game developers are using esports as their #1 marketing tool – aside 
from making games, they’re creating a whole ecosystem to provide high-quality 
entertainment not just for players and teams, but also game viewers and fans who 
fill huge stadiums and venues to watch major gaming events with million-dollar 
prize funds. At the same time, traditional sports teams and sponsors are chipping 
in because esports is the best way to reach young audiences which are often 
unreachable through standard media outlets (TV, radio, etc.). They are actively 
investing in esports, opening esports divisions and signing professional players. 

Clubs like Paris Saint-Germain, Philadelphia 76ers, Miami Heat, Schalke 04, Spartak, 
Roma, Valencia, and Manchester City have already joined esports. One of the 
most prominent esports deals by a traditional sports team is the Dallas Cowboys 
acquisition of Complexity Gaming. The Dallas Cowboys are worth $4.2 billion, which 
makes them the world’s most valuable sports franchise. The purchase of Complexity 
that fields teams in 26 different competitive esports and has won 130 titles since its 
founding in 2003, is another step to create a universal competitive brand spanning 
across industries. Another team is the New York Yankees, the second highest valued 
sports franchise in the world and not too far behind with an investment in Vision 
Esports.

The opportunities are endless: esports will have over 1Bn enthusiasts and viewers 
by 2023, which is nearly ⅓ of all gamers. But even now, esports enthusiasts are 
a major gaming force with above-average household incomes. And yet, despite 
all of these facts, its market pool is still extremely low - esports ARPU is just $3.5 
compared to $54 ARPU of traditional sports. There are many other issues that need 
to be addressed in the esports industry to make it truly competitive with traditional 
sports. So let’s have a look at the key esports problems and the solutions DreamTeam 
offers to overcome them and make esports a globally attractive venture with limitless 
monetization options.



16

Problem & Solution
The esports industry is constantly growing but has a low APRU, especially 

compared to traditional sports. It has huge potential for monetization that is presently 
hampered by three key problems that are discussed below:

1. Insecurity and fraud

Problem

Not receiving compensation for your success isn’t fair by any standard. But that’s 
exactly what’s happening in esports, where teams, tournaments and sponsors are 
guilty of multiple accounts of non-payments and fraud. When players risk their hard 
work for nothing in return esports as a business suffers. Sponsors are also facing the 
same issues as they lose money when a team does not deliver. Even a signed contract 
does not guarantee that a team won’t collapse, drop its best players and squander 
media coverage. This has so far amounted to millions of dollars in losses to sponsors 
and advertisers.

For example, NaVi, one of the world’s leading and most popular esports teams on 
the planet, have joined top-level tournaments and ended up winning a share of the 
prize-money, but still, in many instances, never received the payout. As of now, over 
$700K is owed to NaVi in sponsorship deals and tournament winnings. And this is 
happening all over Europe, Asia and the US. The NaVi team has won or placed among 
the top teams yet has been left empty-handed as the prize money was never paid 
out.

Solution

DreamTeam addresses this problem by providing a fast and secure payment 
system just like PayPal. And with the esports industry being digital, it is a perfect place 
to apply the blockchain and smart contracts technology. This way we can ensure the 
payout of all prize-money, players’ salaries and transfers, sponsorship and advertising 
deals. For example, a sponsor signing a deal with a team sets specific KPIs in a smart 
contract, such as the number of attended tournaments with the company’s logo, 
mentions in the team’s social media channels, etc. All of these parameters were 
impossible to automatically record and check before. But with DreamTeam, you can 
easily track players’ and teams’ performance through APIs, monitor when, with whom, 
and with what kind of branding they completed, as well as the popularity of the team. 
In a smart contract, we can put down all the requirements and guarantee that teams, 
players, and sponsors are satisfied with the outcome. Furthermore, the money is only 
released when all of the requirements set in the smart contract are met.



17

The same is true for tournaments, where teams sign a smart contract with 
tournaments organizers. DreamTeam can track match IDs and provide prize money 
payouts immediately after the tournament ends. We will also offer advanced three-
factor authentication to ensure zero fraud by double-checking stats of top esports 
sites such as Hltv.org to verify our data. DreamTeam also uses the Oracle network to 
secure smart contracts and guarantee the fairness of results.

2. No business tools

Problem

Securing the esports market is great. But esports enthusiasts want to make a 
living with esports and require advanced business tools to maintain a steady income. 
Presently, people can’t build and develop their esports businesses as there is no go-to 
place for such tools. There is no clear-cut way to succeed in esports.

For example, gamers are faced with many challenges when creating an esports 
club or team: people recruitment, creating a bank account, doing all the legal 
paperwork and dealing with a variety of third-party services. Millions of gamers 
want to spend money to develop their teams, hire coaches, psychologists and other 
supporting personnel, but don’t want to do it all manually. You’ll have to spend at least 
a few months dealing with various companies and $3000 just to start. Then add $400 
a month to support the basic functioning of your team. Therefore, there are only 
around 100 pro teams globally that have gone all the way and can earn top dollar in 
esports. And this is just a small part of the esports ecosystem. Besides teams, there 
are tournaments, players, and coaches that have no access to such tools to make it all 
work. Right now most people can’t make a living with esports.

Solution

With the set of advanced business tools DreamTeam can help monetize the esports 
industry and open up the esports market to millions. These tools can turn the esports 
stagnation into prosperity and help dozens of thousands of esports fans make a living 
in gaming. For teams, we are offering recruitment functionality, with options to search 
and analyze players, their ranking, game stats, and tournaments played. We are 
also providing management tools – practice games, tournaments and performance 
tracking as well as analytics tools to develop teams.

Moreover, tournaments organizers can track the performance of the teams and 
players they want to invite. They can create and showcase team-listings. The same 
goes for coaches allowing them to check their team’s progress, adapt their strategy 
and train their team to esports success. We will also create media tools to show 
growth of your media fan base. And based on these data, players and teams can 
get a report to provide it to potential sponsors and showcase their skills and media 
popularity.



18

3. Can’t monetize/can’t advertise

Problem

When sponsors and advertisers want to enter the esports industry they have to 
do complex manual labor to search for the teams and tournaments that meet their 
requirements. For example, Kingston/HyperX (a Fortune 100 company) employs 
over 50 people who search for and deal with esports sponsorship and advertising 
agreements. As you can imagine, such investments run into the millions, but that’s not 
attainable for your average Joe that wants to sponsor a local team and advertise their 
business during a local tournament. And for the up-and-coming teams and amateur 
tournaments, the inability to secure such a sponsor or advertiser is a key stumbling 
block in their development.

While having the ability to secure contracts, payments and boost the esports 
participants’ numbers, teams still don’t have a single point of entry to find sponsors 
and vice versa. This gap is the final barrier of esports monetization, as there isn’t a 
single platform to find teams, tournaments, sponsors or advertisers, and arrange 
meetings with them. There is no database and no uniform system to connect 
sponsors and advertisers with the esports teams.

Solution

A great example of how things are done is Airbnb – the gateway for rentals, where 
both the landlords and renters are interconnected on one single platform. And this 
is what the DreamTeam marketplace wants to do for esports, namely, to unite teams 
and sponsors, tournaments and advertisers and become the business gateway for 
all esports. DreamTeam will let sponsors with different needs find teams with diverse 
backgrounds, either small, regional, or large international ones. And make sure that all 
of this can be done with a click of a button. 

Similar to Google AdWords, the search can be done by geolocation, number 
of subscribers and other precise requirements in one place. For example, a local 
advertiser will be able to search for a successful regional team with a track record 
of wins in amateur tournaments, and offer them compensation for showcasing the 
company’s branding on their team uniform. By offering such functionality DreamTeam 
will secure smooth interactions and business flow within esports, and automate all of 
the sponsorship and advertising deals.



19

Product & Strategy
DreamTeam is an infrastructure platform and payment gateway for esports and 

gaming. The network’s primary goal is to become a universal platform for the millions 
of esports enthusiasts: gamers, teams, sponsors, advertisers as well as tournament 
organizers, and more. By uniting multiple businesses in one place and giving them 
advanced but easy-to-use tools, we are unlocking a $50Bn ecosystem.

Development strategy

Stage 1 (Oct 2017 - Jul 2018)

We have devised a 3-stage development strategy to showcase the DreamTeam 
platform timeline and its prospects:

The main focus of Stage 1 is offering esports player and teams recruitment and 
management tools for the most popular PC titles CS:GO, LOL, DoTA 2, PUBG and 
Overwatch as well as reaching 2M registered users. In this period of time, DreamTeam 
also focuses on offering basic monetization elements: launch of the Blockchain test 
network with Smart Contracts support. It lets all platform users create a Test Wallet 
and check out how smart contracts work. The essence of smart contracts is in 
allowing players to receive salaries from their teams. After the initial test, DreamTeam 
will launch a version with real-value DreamTeam Tokens in Q2 2018 to conduct real-
value operations. We will also offer other monetization options, such as Premium 
Accounts with loads of unique features to provide the platform’s most active users



20

with a way of making their efforts easier and more effective.

The foundation of the DreamTeam platform is the toolset that offers an exhaustive 
array of services: finding players and teams, recruitment of managers, coaches, 
analysts, scouts, agents, and even personal psychologists to support the team’s day-
to-day operations. All of this was previously unavailable on a single platform, and with 
DreamTeam the esports teams will have even greater recruitment flexibility compared 
to traditional sports.

For example, from the very start of DreamTeam, a newly registered player has to 
indicate his skill level, game-role, and location. This allows teams who want to recruit 
players an easy way to find local players among thousands of others by inputting the 
desired parameters to get a short list of suitable players.

In the later stages of DreamTeam platform development, there will also be other 
ways to boost recruitment for both teams and players by using premium accounts 
that offer advanced filters, unlimited games and individual game profiles, and more. 
Players interested in pursuing a pro gaming career will be able to verify their rank to 
showcase their skills to top teams and have a better chance of getting noticed. Last 
but not least, DreamTeam will offer one-time services that allow players to raise their 
profiles to the top of the search list and ensure faster recruitment.

Recruitment functionality 

In-depth look

Stage 2 (Jul 2018 - Jun 2019)

During Stage 2, DreamTeam will pay particular attention to supporting pro teams 
and tournaments who are well-established leaders in the esports industry. By June 
2019, DreamTeam will offer comprehensive modules for management, analytics, 
coaching, media, and marketing for pro-teams. DreamTeam will also add search tools 
for coaches, analysts, managers and top-15 games tournament lists, as well as include 
promo tournaments and more advanced monetization options via smart contracts - 
payment of tournament prize money to eliminate fraud and non-payment as well as 
create a transfer market that will make it easier to search and sign top talents. This will 
drive us to reach over 5M registered users on our platform.

Managing an esports team to success is a vital part of the DreamTeam platform. 
Currently, there are no comprehensive tools that allow team owners to easily

Team management

In-depth look



21

manage a team, and team staff is also limited in their ability to automate their 
duties. With DreamTeam all esports processes are now at team owner’s fingertips 
as you can: plan your team composition, have a calendar that includes all of your 
tournaments and other team activities, such as practice games; the ability to register 
for tournaments in advance in just one click; and ensure that all staff and players duly 
perform their tasks.

This is yet another vital functionality to be implemented within the DreamTeam 
platform that allows players and teams to effectively find tournaments/leagues 
they can compete in. For example, an amateur team can search for a local CS:GO 
tournament and join it by signing a smart contract. Such smart contracts capabilities 
let teams secure a place in the tournament and receive tournament prize-money 
payouts according to their placement. This money will then be automatically 
distributed among team members. With millions of new teams being created on 
DreamTeam such payouts will reach dozens of millions of dollars and let amateur, 
novice and pro teams make a living competing in esports tournaments.

Other benefits that support monetization of tournaments are player transfers. This 
means that DreamTeam offers a transparent transfer market where teams can sign 
and sell players.

Tournament and league modules

DreamTeam analytics tools will offer capabilities to track personal and team 
gaming stats in detail that was previously unheard of. By that we mean that you can 
research and monitor in-game performances, such as players’ positioning on the 
map, headshot ratio, kill rate and other parameters. Even such tiny things like the 
timing of the grenade throw can influence the game outcome. By simply plugging in 
the timeline of the corresponding game, you will be provided with all required info to 
make informed choices on how to improve your gaming performance.

Analytics tools

With the help of the DreamTeam platform the team coach can improve the 
training process, while analyzing large swathes of data and perform their tasks more 
effectively. By automating many points in the coach’s work, DreamTeam opens up 
more time for coaches to work one-on-one with players and teams. For example, 
a team coach can analyze team performance on a new map, get all the data and 
provide valuable feedback to every player based not on general observations, but 
precise data points provided by the DreamTeam platform.

Coaching



22

Presently, all esports media presence tracking has to be done by hand. And 
showcasing your social media popularity and fan base, its growth and reach requires 
tedious data collecting. With precise DreamTeam media tools such processes 
become automated. Teams or players will be able to easily collect, create and provide 
detailed media reports that can be submitted to sponsors in a matter of minutes. 
Such reports will represent their media track record and potential, and any other 
information they deem appropriate to share and represent their personal brand.

Media tools

Stage 3 (Jul 2019 - Jul 2020)

The 3rd and final Stage has its focus on sponsors and advertisers that will have 
access to over 15M active users and 2M teams. With a worldwide reach, we will 
be able to offer our users all of the imaginable monetization options, analytics and 
research tools, and have direct contact with dozens of thousands of advertisers, 
sponsors and content platforms, both local and global. More smart contracts will be 
offered - signing sponsorships, media-rights sales and advertising contracts. The 
DreamTeam Tokens’ application in smart contracts will also help boost the ecosystem 
and their industry-wide application will help promote the security and transparency 
of all esports financial activities that, in turn, will help boost the ARPU of esports to 
over $16 per user. This will result in the creation of dozens of thousands more local 
tournaments with easy access to them by interested sponsors and esports fans alike.

DreamTeam will offer sponsors, advertisers, teams and tournaments an advanced 
tool that provides precise targeting of their marketing effort, just like in Facebook 
Ads or Google Adwords. On one hand, the esports enthusiasts that were able to 
form a team with the help of DreamTeam now gain access to the wide sponsorship 
and advertising market. While, on the other hand, small, local and medium-sized 
businesses will get access to these esports teams and tournaments that they could 
not previously reach. This way they will be able to promote their businesses, search 
for the pro and amateur esports teams, and make their business known to the esport 
audience.

Sponsorship and advertising tools

In-depth look

DreamTeam has the capacity to offer the next level of analytics through our huge 
pool of data gathered from our users and external sources: personal, team and 
tournaments stats, open sources APIs, latest news, as well as outside sources, such as

Data Science and AI



23

Hltv.org and other outlets. All of this data will be automatically processed to provide 
high-quality global esports researches that can be used, for example, to forecast 
player ranks based on prior game play and progress, automatically match or suggest 
players for teams and vice versa. 

Moreover, AI will give advice on improving player performance by analyzing the 
tactics used in millions of game matches happening on the platform and connected 
to it. This information would be impossible to process in any other conventional way - 
only through advanced AI, machine learning and data science instruments.

DreamTeam launched its Beta version of the platform in late October 2017 and by 
the end of 2018 we expect at least 4M user registrations spread out across CS:GO, 
LoL, PUBG and other titles supported by our platform. The vast majority of users 
come from the US, Europe and CIS regions.

Traction

Regarding the DreamTeam ICO, Phase #1 reached its hard cap of $6M in December 
2017. And Phase #2 of the DreamTeam Token Sale that will take place in April-May 
2018 is expected to gather an additional $39M to reach our overall goal of $45M in 
investments.



24

Token Functionality
The DreamTeam Token is the only intra-platform DreamTeam currency. Every 

transaction on the platform will require the use of DreamTeam Tokens. The Token 
application is fully supported by the blockchain technology and can be used for payment 
of all smart contracts obligations as well as paid platform features and other features.

Smart contracts*:

Payment of players’ compensations - All types of salaries (team to player; team to 
coach; player to personal coach; etc.). All players and teams will have access to a 
DreamTeam Wallet with Tokens. Utilizing smart contracts will enable every platform 
user to sign contracts and receive compensation for their gaming.

Player transfers - Secure and transparent transfer market that allows teams to 
securely sign and sell players by signing a smart contract. This will create a player 
transfer market on par with traditional sports and boost the market value of top 
esport players.

Sponsorship and media-rights sales - Clear-cut entry into the esports market that 
will allow not only the top sponsors and media moguls, but also small local and 
medium-sized sponsors and media representatives to sign contracts with a variety 
of esports teams. The same goes for amateur and pro teams and players that get 
sponsorship opportunities and are able to sell media rights that are validated and 
paid via DreamTeam Tokens.

Advertising agreements - Simple-to-sign contracts and set-in-stone obligations 
for both sides will boost the advertising options and let local advertisers gain 
coverage among the esports audience as well as allow teams to get more funding 
to support their esports activities.

Tournament prize payouts - Payouts to teams and players will reach several billion 
dollars and let amateur, novice and pro teams alike make a living competing in 
esports tournaments. Teams will be able to sign contracts with tournaments and 
receive prize money payouts that will be automatically distributed among their 
members.

* DreamTeam charges a fee for each smart contract execution.

The blockchain technology enables teams to set their KPI’s for the team manager 
and team coach, who in turn can set personal KPIs for each player. Then, after a 
period of time (e.g. after a month), everyone is auto-checked by smart contracts and

Examples of smart contract:



25

depending on the results, all participants of the process receive their salary and 
bonuses.

This is equally efficient and applicable when we look at tournament prize money 
payouts, with sums reaching $100M+ per year. A typical scenario would be that of a 
team participating in a tournament and after getting a winning place, the prize money 
will be automatically transferred to their account, via smart contracts according to 
the set rules. Consecutively, all players will receive their share of the prize money. 
In the long run, this will help the development of small tournaments and secure 
payments for all teams, from novice to professional. So it becomes possible to create 
a one-of-a-kind platform with a payment gateway for players, teams, tournaments, 
and sponsors as DreamTeam smart contracts provide limitless opportunities for their 
application in all esports spheres.

Paid platform features:

Premium accounts for players - Various powerful options to enhance user 
experience, such as unlimited games and profiles, leaderboard top 1000, 10 
monthly power messages, ability to apply to full teams and more.

Premium accounts for teams - Various powerful options to enhance user 
experience, such as 8-10 team slots, ability to assign team roles, advanced player 
filters, unlimited number of applicants and more.

Researches - Big data analytics and researches available for purchase by 
companies (this includes various consumer analytics and researches).

Verified rank - Officially validated rank that will showcase player skills to ensure the 
best team-signing options.

One-time services - Services like “Raise your profile to the top of search results”.

Along with the smart contracts, various monetization options will be gradually 
introduced to the platform. Premium Accounts and One-Time Services (management, 
analytics, tools, etc.), Rank Verification and Big Data Analytics will be added in 
the second half of 2018. Later, at the end of Q4 2018, we will launch additional 
monetization services, including an expanded set of one-time payments (personal 
coaches, agencies, etc.). In 2019 all monetization will be implemented with big data 
analytics, researches, crowdfunding and other one-time services (marketing, media 
tools, etc.). All of these services can only be paid for with the DreamTeam Token.

When a player purchases a premium account, his account profile becomes listed at 
the top of the search feed, and is highlighted for teams that are looking for a player 
with similar skills and gaming experience. This player will also get advanced analytics

Example of a platform feature:



26

of his account to gain in-depth insights and improve his gaming. Another benefit 
is that the player’s compound experience will be tracked and shown as a badge on 
his profile. This will allow teams searching for a player with extensive experience to 
recognise this player as such. Moreover, player’s applications to teams will be shown 
at the top and upon being shortlisted for the team, he will receive a corresponding 
notification.



27

Blockchain

The blockchain technology is applied on the DreamTeam platform via smart 
contracts that ensure contract execution and payouts according to the preset 
conditions. Smart-contracts protect all arrangements from retroactive changes. 
By using them on DreamTeam, we can guarantee payments of promised sums to 
the players or teams and fulfillment of all undertaken obligations to the tournament 
organizers and sponsors.

Smart contracts can already be checked out by all of the DreamTeam users as 
we’ve implemented the DreamTeam Test Network. Thereby, both players and teams 
can sign contracts and set conditions for their cooperation. After the Phase #2 Token 
Sale, the Test Network will be replaced with the real-value smart contracts network 
that will have the above capabilities to sign contracts. Later in 2018, sponsorships and 
media rights sales agreements and tournament prize money payouts will be added as 
well.

DreamTeam is in a sweet spot, namely, the esports industry is the perfect 
place to integrate the blockchain technology the right way. For example, tracking 
game results and corresponding fulfillment of the conditions of a smart contract, 
DreamTeam created a three-factor verification system: firstly, we take the API from 
the corresponding game and correlate it with the match ID, team ID, and so on; 
secondly, we further confirm the results of the match through the Oracle Networks; 
finally, we confirm the results via top specialized esports resources, for example, for 
CS:GO matches we check hltv.org. All of the above tools enable us to create a unique 
digital sphere for the esports industry that can ensure the securenes and correct 
implementation of blockchain.

The blockchain technology and application of smart contracts in the esports 
industry will open up new perspectives and unite the entire ecosystem under one 
roof. With the support of DreamTeam Tokens and application of smart contracts, the 
industry will get the necessary boost to let every esports fan monetize their skills or 
promote their businesses. As we are dealing with the digital sports, application of 
advanced but easy-to-use technology is necessary to ensure long-term growth and 
overall success.

Without the application of blockchain and smart contracts technologies, the 
current esports industry will stagnate in its growth and will remain limited to teams 
and companies with extensive resources to support their esports activities. The 
blockchain technology is the key to unlocking the esports perspectives and help it 
grow from a worldwide phenomenon into a fully fledged entertainment industry on 
par with sports, with its own set of regulations and security of transactions that are 
available across the board.

Smart contracts as a key to esports success



28

The DreamTeam blockchain infrastructure is based on the Ethereum ERC-20 smart 
contracts with Open Zeppelin framework (using Solidity language). 

It works as follows:

The platform’s web front-end interface communicates user’s requests to our 
services, which in turn send the appropriate query into our Blockchain system. 
From there, the Blockchain will publish the requested ERC-20 smart contract via the 
Ethereum network or issue the respective payments and refunds through the JSON-
RPC mechanism. 

We also implemented an additional mechanism to control who can oversee and 
approve/authorize the payments within the network, i.e. only the team owner, only 
the tournament organizer, etc. In Q2 2018, when monetization is introduced, all tokens 
might be exchanged at a 1:1 ratio for a more convenient platform - Eos/Tezos/Waves 
or a new protocol developed by DreamTeam to solve the issues with the network 
speed and potential scalability.

Blockchain infrastructure



29

Technological Stack

Javascript (Vue.js), HTML5, CSS3 and Nodejs. Vue.js was chosen for being a 
lightweight and flexible Javascript framework that allows for creation of reusable 
components.

Front-End:

DreamTeam Web Platform: is designed to be a SPA (Single Page Application) that’s 
highly scalable to handle a load of millions of users with the following technology 
stack: 

Restful APIs are created to work with the front end. We have created APIs as 
microservices to handle a variety of tasks including Achievement, Authentication that 
does not currently use oAuth2. However, we will add oAuth2 as we open our services 
to external users as well. Currently we are continuing to add new Services such as 
Steam Updater, LOL Updater, Notification, and Blockchain Services. We will also be 
adding further Services for CS:GO, League of Legends and Search utilizing Amazon 
Elastic Search in the near future.

As a part of our deployments, we will only extend microservices to the pre-set 
target regions instead of deploying all of the services in all regions. This reduces 
some of the complexities on the DevOps side and let’s the DreamTeam be more time-
effective.

APIs:

PHP7 with Symfony 4. Symfony is one of the best PHP frameworks that is 
enterprise-ready.

Back-End:

PostgreSQL 9.5. PostgreSQL is an enterprise-grade, highly scalable, optimized 
database that creates well running query plans, making it very responsive. We also 
use NOSQL Databases such as MongoDB in different parts of the system, where 
it makes sense for us to use it, instead of relying on relational database for every 
functionality. 

All of the technological stack runs on AWS Infrastructure with Docker containers, 
Kubernetes orchestration, and a CI/CD (Continuous Integration/Continuous 
deployment) infrastructure is in place. We have done performance testing using 
the Gatling tool and we are constantly optimizing our code, our queries and our 
infrastructure to handle the expected loads of the systems for years to come.

Database:



Competitor Analysis
DreamTeam strongly believes that an absence of an all-in-one platform with a 

comprehensive list of tools and utilities to kick-start an esports career is a critical 
problem for more than 1Bn players worldwide. We are faced with a multi-million 
gamer audience that is stuck in development. There is no simple and effective 
solution that can solve their problems when creating a team and gathering players 
of similar skill level. And the solutions that are present require spending thousands of 
dollars and weeks of time.

DreamTeam functions the same way as the leading companies that unite their 
respective ecosystems around them, LinkedIn and IMDB being great examples. We 
do not develop games on our own, but serve to gather the entirety of esports in 
one place, unlike any other esports platform out there. We are letting users search 
and find players, create teams, manage teams through a variety of tools, as well 
as find and sign sponsorships & media right sales, get their prize money payouts 
and compensation for gaming, as well as earn more through other numerous 
monetization options.

It is virtually impossible to compare DreamTeam in standard terms to any other 
platform as currently nothing comes close in terms of offering all of the above 
features to esports fans. Nevertheless, we have conducted a thorough analysis of 
possible DreamTeam competitors both from crypto and esports markets.

30



31

User Acquisition Cost and Strategy

There are two main directions in the DreamTeam marketing strategy as to drawing 
esports enthusiast to the platform:

Creation of a global cooperation with top esports teams and tournament 
sponsorships as well as partnerships with famous esports brands

Cost-effective targeted user acquisition

During the first three years, we plan on partnering up with the world’s major 
esports entities like Fnatic, SK Gaming, NaVi, ESL, StarLadder, HLTV and many others 
to offer a comprehensive and all-encompassing experience to players around the 
globe. And since our launch in October we’ve already signed agreements with such 
giants as ESL - the world’s #1 esports company and biggest tournament organizer, 
and Starladder - one of the biggest tournament organizers and a platform for 
amateur and semi-professional gamers. Also by signing agreements with the best 
esports teams, DreamTeam can reach more esports fans and build up its user base. 
Natus Vincere (NaVi), one of the most popular and successful esports teams on the 
planet, was the first pro-team to partner up with DreamTeam, with SK Gaming being 
the second one. And right now we are negotiating a global sponsorship agreement 
with Fnatic. Our goal is to create a strong community based on the DreamTeam 
platform and raise DreamTeam brand awareness among our shared core audiences. 
With this goal in mind, we have already sponsored IEM Oakland 2017 and StarSeries 
i-League CS:GO Season 4, among others.

As for the DreamTeam user acquisition, we are aiming to make it very cost-effective 
not only through cooperation with top esports brands, but also by using high-precision



32

targeted ads. We are pinpointing the CS:GO audience to start with by using CPC 
promo campaigns, engaging with top YouTubers who have millions of viewers, 
pushing DreamTeam branding on specialized CS:GO sites and applying target 
banners and video commercials. All of this lets us promote DreamTeam and remain 
cost effective while acquiring a large user base with a goal to reach 4M users by the 
end of 2018.

In the first months after the launch of DreamTeam, we were mostly focused on 
developing the platform itself, which is a key focus as we want to offer the best 
experience for players as quickly as possible. According to SimilarWeb open data 
source, this strategy has paid off, as there were nearly 1M visits per month in the first 
quarter of the DreamTeam platform being live with the majority of players being from 
North America and Europe - our core regions. Since the DreamTeam Beta launch, 
this strategy has proved to be highly effective as in 3 months over 250K esports 
enthusiasts have signed up for DreamTeam with a 36% average weekly growth. In the 
future, we will broaden our key regions, expanding to South America, SEA and CIS.



Economics
The economics model of DreamTeam can be subdivided into two parts: the 

freemium business model and the transaction fee-based business model. Their 
comprehensive application will support the DreamTeam monetization in short- and 
long-term perspective.

Freemium business model:

Premium accounts conversion rate: 5-8%

Additional monetization conversion rate: >3%

Average ARPU per paying user: $16

MRR at expected 4M users: $1M+

33



34

Transaction fee-based business model:

Transaction fees: -5%

Transactional revenue in 4 years: $150M+

Transaction types: players’ salary and bonuses, sponsorship payments, prize 
money payouts, player transfer market fees and media rights sales.

Both models are based on the obligatory application of the DreamTeam 
currency - DreamTeam Tokens and smart contracts.

The freemium business model is the key monetization of the DreamTeam platform 
and it stems from users signing up for the premium player and team profiles that 
provide extensive functionality. With a transparent and fair pricing model (just for 
example 49.9 DTT for premium player profile and 199.9 DTT for premium team profile), 
we expect a 4-5% sign up rate with 4M+ users being active on the platform with an 
MRR of $1M. This business model also includes additional monetization options with 
a conversion rate of around 3% - among these options will be One-Time Services 
(management, analytics, tools, etc.), Rank Verification and Big Data Analytics.



35

The transaction fee-based business model is intended for the vast majority of 
players that are interested in pursuing a competitive esports career, and this requires 
setting up or joining a team, and getting paid for playing video games on a team 
as well as sharing tournament winnings at the basic level. At the more advanced 
level, teams and players will share sponsorship payments, engage in the player 
transfer market and sales of their media rights. All of these transactions require the 
application of smart contracts and bring in a steady flow of commission/fee-based 
revenue (2-5% per transaction) for DreamTeam. The estimated NET revenue (meaning 
gross revenue will be 20-50 times higher) in 4 years time, according to this model, is 
$150M+ per annum. There will be other fee-based monetization options, including an 
expanded set of one-time payments (personal coaches, agencies, etc.) projected to 
launch in Q4 2018. In 2019 all monetization will be implemented with big data analytics, 
researches, crowdfunding and other one-time services (marketing, media tools, etc.). 
All of these services can only be paid for with the DreamTeam Token.



36

Token Sale
Every transaction on the DreamTeam platform will require the use of DreamTeam 

Tokens. The token application is fully supported by the blockchain technology and can 
be used for payment of all smart contract obligations as well as paid platform features 
and other features. Their issuance is limited to the DreamTeam Token Sale Phase #1 
and #2, with no more Tokens ever being issued. The only way to acquire the tokens at 
this time is to do so during the sales within a limited timeframe.

Additional Token Sale information:

Tokens can be used within the DreamTeam platform, by third-party services and 
platforms at their own risk and lawful discretion. 

For token sales, DreamTeam token uses Ethereum ERC20 token standard. In 2018 
all tokens might be exchanged at a 1:1 ratio for a more convenient platform - Eos/
Tezos/Waves or our own platform.

Token issue – within 30 days after the end of the Phase#2 Token Sale with their



37

subsequent placement in users’ wallets within the platform.

Date when DreamTeam Token gets listed on crypto-trading platforms - up to 45 
days after Token Sale Phase #2 completion.

Standard KYC and AML rules will apply.

DreamTeam Token issuance is limited to the DreamTeam Token Sale Phase #1 and 
Token Sale Phase #2. DreamTeam will issue the number of tokens corresponding 
to the amount invested. No more DreamTeam Tokens will be issued thereafter.



38

Use of Funds, Token Distribution
The DreamTeam Crew guarantees a transparent and clear-cut use of raised funds 

that will go towards Product Development (44%), Operations (17%), and Marketing 
efforts (39%). The same is true for the DreamTeam Tokens distribution that is divided 
into the Token Sale (60%), Bonuses for Teams and Tournament Organizers (15%), 
Team and Early Investors (10%), DreamTeam Reserve (10%), and Advisory Board and 
Partners Compensation (5%).



Financial Forecast

39



40

Roadmap



Team

41

Our DreamTeam Crew is made up of top esports professionals and developers with 
extensive experience. The team is constantly growing and evolving to ensure that it 
can meet the expectations of the esports community and create a unique all-in-one 
platform for competitive players all over the world. Below you can find an overview of 
the DreamTeam leadership with the corresponding info on new DreamTeam members 
being constantly added.

Alexander Kokhanovskyy
CEO & Co-Founder
17 years of experience in the esports industry; created one of the most 
popular teams in the history of esports – Natus Vincere (Nà Vi); shareholder 
of ESForce, the 3rd biggest esports entity funded by USM Holdings

Volodymyr Panchenko
Co-Founder
World’s #1 private merchant of digital goods (15M games sold over the past 
5 years); built the 2nd largest virtual items trading marketplace – skins.cash 
(10M items sold in the past year)

Mustafa Seyrek
CTO
Software Engineering Leader with 20 years experience in multiple industries 
including ecommerce, media, wireless, fnance; worked as Director of 
Engineering at Sony Pictures Entertainment (Los Angeles, USA) Crackle 
department

Andriy Khavryuchenko
Blockchain Architect
26 years of experience in software development; Dash crypto-developer

https://www.linkedin.com/in/kokhanovskyy/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/volodymyr-panchenko/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mustafaseyrek/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/akhavr/


42

Alexander Trigub
Backend TeamLead
10 years of experience in successfully leading the full software development 
lifecycle; PHP Team\tech lead in Ciklum (20 PHP developers)

Igor Drozd
System Architect
9 years of experience as a Software Engineer in professional design and 
development of full stack 
web-applications on PHP and JavaScript; 40 successfully completed 
projects from scratch

Alexandr Beseda
Lead Architect
9 years of experience in the industry with a vast portfolio of successfully 
delivered projects; well-regarded depositphotos.com developer

Dmitriy Lennoy
Head of Development
7 years of experience in IT with 5 years at management positions; worked as 
Delivery Manager in charge of 
a business unit of 150 people and a yearly budget 
of over $6M

Andrey Cherednychenko
Marketing Director
7 years of experience in all marketing segments: agency, client and media; 
executed over 100 successful promo campaigns; strong background in 
esports marketing

https://www.linkedin.com/in/atrigub/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/idrozd/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandr-beseda-499a0775/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitry-lennoy/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrey-c/


43

Max Tkachuk
Chief Designer
14 years of experience in design, 10 years in a leadership position; has 
solid experience in designing large-scale systems for both enterprise and 
customer-oriented business models

Petr Loboda
Product Manager
Master’s degree in Computer Science, PMP, Agile certified. Has 14years 
in IT, 4 years of top-level project management experience with over 
10 successfully delivered projects (web, mobile) in ecommerce, sales, 
healthcare, VR and social network

Oleg Bulavko
Head of Media
11 years of solid experience in the esports industry: Media, PR, Video-
production and Live Broadcasting. Had an impact in making NaVi one of the 
most popular teams in the world with more than 5 million fans globally

https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxtkachuk/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-loboda/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/oleg-bulavko-652a428b/


Advisory Board

44

As of Q1 2018 DreamTeam has an extensive Advisory Board composed of leading 
experts in esports and relating industries. We are constantly updating the list of our 
advisers and partners and publicize their addition to the DreamTeam Advisory Board 
and Partners List on our website. We will continue to add high-level professionals and 
consultants from different spheres and plan on having the strongest Advisory Board 
compared to any other gaming/crypto ICO ever.

Sundance DiGiovanni
Former CEO & Co Founder of MLG
VP Content and Media of Blizzard

Ralf Reichert
CEO of ESL

Emmanuel Aidoo
Director of Blockchain 

and Cryptocurrency strategy

Salim Mitha
Partner at Evolution Media

Kim Rom
Chief Gaming Officer of Kinguin

As of now, the DreamTeam Board has been joined by:

David Waroquier
Partner at Mangrove Capital

https://www.linkedin.com/in/sundance-digiovanni-864966129/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralf-reichert-00b247/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmanuelaidoo/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/salimmitha/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kimrom/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-waroquier-a60990


45

Kenneth Hsia
Co-Founder of Badwater Capital

Alexey Kuznetsov
Esports industry leader

Moe Levin
CEO of Keynote

Juwan Lee
CEO of NexChange

Denis Dovgopoliy
Founder of GrowthUP Group

Elie Galam
Chief Investment Officer at Eastmore Group

Patrik Sattermon
Chief Gaming Officer of Fnatic

https://www.linkedin.com/in/hsiakenneth/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexey-qz9cov/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/moelevin/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/juwanlee/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dennydo/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/elie-g-85414b3/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/patriksattermon/


46

Lead Investor

Mangrove Capital Partners
Venture capital and private equity firm focused on early and expansion 

stage investment rounds, mid ventures, startups, growth capital 
investments, buyouts, and emerging growth. Its portfolio companies 
include: Skype, Wix, Walkme, Freedompop, Lesara, and many others

In April 2018 Mangrove Capital Partners became the lead investor of DreamTeam. 
This is a key investment into esports for Mangrove. For the European fund, this is a big 
step into the future. Yet this is a huge responsibility for DreamTeam. Mangrove, being 
one of the largest venture capital companies in Europe, is making its first investment 
both in equity and in tokens (a hybrid deal).

http://www.mangrove.vc/


47

Partners
In the last months, we’ve announced several large and well-known partners that, in 

their essence, are the world’s most significant esports entities.

ESL
The world #1 esports company and the biggest tournament organizer

 Natus Vincere (NaVi)
One of the most popular and one of the most successful esports teams on the planet

Starladder
One of the biggest tournament organizer, platform for amateur

and semi-professional gamers

SK Gaming
Leading eSports organization and one of the world’s most recognized 

brands in competitive video gaming

Enterprise Ethereum Alliance
Connects Fortune 500 enterprises, startups, academics, and technology 

vendors with Ethereum subject matter experts. Helps to build upon 
Ethereum to define enterprise-grade software capable of handling the 
most complex, highly demanding applications at the speed of business.

https://www.eslgaming.com/
http://navi-gaming.com
https://starladder.com/ru
http://www.sk-gaming.com/
https://entethalliance.org/


48

Badwater Capital
Fund and consultancy active in the blockchain space

Cooley LLP
 One of the world’s top 50 law firms, according to American Lawyer 

magazine’s Global 100, and a recognized leader in the blockchain 
technology law!

DMarket
The world’s first cross-game platform based on blockchain and smart 
contracts that enables one-click sale, exchange, or evaluation of every 

virtual item among all games on any platform

Xsolla
Global distributor and publisher of video games, providing its clients – 

game developers and publishers – with advanced technical tools
to optimize user acquisition and monetization efforts

Latham & Watkins LLP
Global FinTech Industry Group advises clients from New York, London, 

Frankfurt, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Silicon Valley on trailblazing 
corporate transactions and complex regulatory matters

https://www.badwater.capital/
https://www.cooley.com/
https://dmarket.com/
https://www.xsolla.com
https://www.lw.com/


49

Contacts

DreamTeam.gg

Register and check out DreamTeam Beta:

Token.DreamTeam.gg

Learn more and take part in the Token Sale:

Contact us if you have any questions regarding the 
Token Sale:
Token@DreamTeam.gg

http://DREAMTEAM.GG
http://TOKEN.DREAMTEAM.GG
mailto:token%40dreamteam.gg?subject=


50

Sources
•    Newzoo Global Games Market Report 2017

•    Newzoo Global Esports Market Report 2017/2018

•    Newzoo research dashboard

•    SuperData 2017 Esports Market Brief

•    Mindshare North America Esports research

•    Open sources, such as: businesswire.com, tweaktown.com, gamesindustry.biz, 

technobuffalo.com, mojang.com etc.

•    http://www.forbes.ru/tehnologii/357765-bolshaya-igra-kak-zarabatyvayut-na-

kibersporte

•    https://gadgets.ndtv.com/games/news/clash-of-clans-maker-supercell-claims-

100-million-daily-active-users-812148

•    https://venturebeat.com/2017/02/15/clash-royale-clash-of-clans-push-supercell-

to-2-3-billion-in-2016-revenue/

•    SuperData Deliverable VR Industry Report April 2016

•    eMarketer Immersive Media Update Fall 2016: Key Virtual and Augmented Reality 

Trends

•    ResearchNow “Esports gaming study”

•    DreamTeam data

•    https://www.statista.com/statistics/370560/worldwide-sports-market-revenue/

•    https://www.esportsearnings.com/

•    https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-06-01/to-buy-into-this-video-

gaming-league-it-s-at-least-10-million

•    https://compete.kotaku.com/blizzard-responds-to-controversial-rumors-of-20-

millio-1795137785

•    https://esportsobserver.com/tencent-china-investment-plan/

•    https://techcrunch.com/2014/08/25/amazon-will-buy-twitch-for-over-1-billion/&sa=

D&ust=1519540859703000&usg=AFQjCNE0O4uMEhHZVoYeSWN7BSNhFNwxkA

•    Third-party projects’ whitepapers and presentations’ analytics

http://www.forbes.ru/tehnologii/357765-bolshaya-igra-kak-zarabatyvayut-na-kibersporte
http://www.forbes.ru/tehnologii/357765-bolshaya-igra-kak-zarabatyvayut-na-kibersporte
https://gadgets.ndtv.com/games/news/clash-of-clans-maker-supercell-claims-100-million-daily-active-users-812148
https://gadgets.ndtv.com/games/news/clash-of-clans-maker-supercell-claims-100-million-daily-active-users-812148
https://venturebeat.com/2017/02/15/clash-royale-clash-of-clans-push-supercell-to-2-3-billion-in-2016-revenue/
https://venturebeat.com/2017/02/15/clash-royale-clash-of-clans-push-supercell-to-2-3-billion-in-2016-revenue/
https://www.statista.com/statistics/370560/worldwide-sports-market-revenue/
https://www.esportsearnings.com/
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-06-01/to-buy-into-this-video-gaming-league-it-s-at-leas
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-06-01/to-buy-into-this-video-gaming-league-it-s-at-leas
https://compete.kotaku.com/blizzard-responds-to-controversial-rumors-of-20-millio-1795137785
https://compete.kotaku.com/blizzard-responds-to-controversial-rumors-of-20-millio-1795137785
https://esportsobserver.com/tencent-china-investment-plan/
https://techcrunch.com/2014/08/25/amazon-will-buy-twitch-for-over-1-billion/&sa=D&ust=1519540859703000&usg=AFQjCNE0O4uMEhHZVoYeSWN7BSNhFNwxkA
https://techcrunch.com/2014/08/25/amazon-will-buy-twitch-for-over-1-billion/&sa=D&ust=1519540859703000&usg=AFQjCNE0O4uMEhHZVoYeSWN7BSNhFNwxkA



