













































equitybase


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WHITEPAPER v1.1 

Securities Token Platform Ecosystem on the 

blockchain 



 

equitybase.co 1 
 

 

Contents 
Abstract ..................................................................................................................................................... 2 

Executive Summary ................................................................................................................................... 3 

Introduction .............................................................................................................................................. 4 

Blockchain and Smart Contract Overview ................................................................................................ 6 

BASE Token ............................................................................................................................................... 8 

Equitybase Platform Solution ................................................................................................................. 9 

Equity Invest ............................................................................................................................................ 10 

Equity Exchange ...................................................................................................................................... 11 

Equity Reserve ........................................................................................................................................ 11 

Investment Stack ..................................................................................................................................... 12 

Equity Fund ............................................................................................................................................. 13 

Use Case .................................................................................................................................................. 15 

Equitybase Platform Technology Stack ................................................................................................... 18 

Equitybase Revenue ................................................................................................................................ 19 

Equitybase ICO ........................................................................................................................................ 21 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

equitybase.co 2 
 

 
 
 
 

Abstract 

 
The Equitybase platform is designed to lower the barriers of entry for issuers to launch security tokens 
on the blockchain. By introducing the tools for a simple marketplace for securities issuances and 
alternative market trading, the Equitybase platform can help bridge the gap between traditional 
securities and blockchain based asset ownership. 

Equitybase offers legal compliant solutions for issuers, intermediaries and investors to issue and trade 
security tokens and could ultimately help a complex, global regulatory landscape onto the blockchain. 
Our technology can lower the barrier to entry; enabling economic growth and opportunities to more 
people and in more places than ever before. With the multi-trillion dollar securities industry coming to 
the blockchain, the Equitybase platform provides entire technology solutions for individuals and 
companies to participate in asset back tokenized ownership and investment opportunities worldwide. 

Real Estate Holdings has been historically considered the best way to preserve wealth and hedge against 
stock market fluctuation. Currently, Real Estate Investments present significant inefficiencies and 
liquidity issues.  Equitybase is applying blockchain and smart contract technologies to the world of Real 
Estate investments and capital market in order to solve these issues. BASE is an Ethereum Smart-
Contract ecosystem that focuses on creating a viable platform for securities investment worldwide. By, 
eliminating varies cost due to unnecessary intermediaries, providing liquidity and transparency in pricing 
along with easing cross border transactions under a central platform. 
 
Real Estate and traditional investment are the largest asset class in the world and it is also illiquid. 
Equitybase platform will offer a transparent, non-time restrain and liquid solution to invest and trade 
real estate and other securities offering worldwide on our decentralized system.  Tokenized ownership 
will simplify every aspect of investment, partial/full ownership transfer and debt purchase/sell. 
 
We are using token crowdsale offering to enhance our platform development and a secondary reserve 
pool, our platform will be a secure and tamperproof smart contract blockchain based system which 
allows our users to purchase, transact and liquidate with our streamline and effective process.  
 
 
 
The whitepaper will explain the principles of the Equitybase platform and the economic value of a “BASE” 
token to its contributors. 
 

 

 

 

 



 

equitybase.co 3 
 

Executive Summary 

 
Securities tokens are different from the current blockchain model, where tokens are freely tradable 
after the primary issuance. Bearer securities, meaning securities that are deemed owned by whoever 
holds them, are illegal in most jurisdictions. Various numerical and other thresholds can, if exceeded, 
result insignificant regulatory obligations for an issuer. Issuers and financial intermediaries owe duties 
with respect to tax reporting. Regulations provide protections in some cases from hostile takeovers and 
other actions by shareholders who may seek to acquire, control or influence a company. Corporate 
documents or securities terms provide for various rights as to voting, tender offers, dividends, income 
and other rights that must reach the relevant security holder. The pro-vision of ongoing information to 
the public or the security holder tends to be required. The Uniform Commercial Code and variants in 
many jurisdictions have developed to provide a process by which the successful transfer of securities 
from one person to another has been formalized and made predictable. For these and a variety of other 
reasons, security tokens must trade differently from traditional ERC20 tokens, bitcoin, crypto currencies, 
and other digital assets. In addition, token exchanges do not list securities tokens in order to avoid 
regulatory enforcement for dealing securities. With the advent of decentralized and even anonymous 
exchanges, this form of regulation becomes difficult and has caused some governments to ban token 
sales entirely. With freely open secondary trading, issuers would be unable to determine the identity, 
jurisdiction and accreditation status of its securities holders, and would be unable to comply with 
applicable law, with potentially major consequences for company and its management, asset holders, 
and the customers. 

Equitybase seeks to solve this problem by addressing securities token markets with our platform on the 
existing regulatory compliant frameworks utilizing blockchain technology. 

Equitybase platform changes the securities market. The need for operating and maintaining a 
centralized exchange disappears almost entirely because the securities token is self-regulating. 
Additionally, it enables securities onto a new decentralized secondary market with low cost fee 
structure, instant settlement and around the clock trading. 

 
Equitybase securities token platform is a new Ethereum Smart Contract based ecosystem that applies 
Blockchain technologies to the global investment industry. By lowering barriers to entry and increasing 
market liquidity with transparent pricing, it will giving greater access to global investment and fractional 
trading in Real Estate industry. Equitybase will offer an effective and direct model of investing and 
securing the value of the existing 500+ Billion USD equivalent in cryptocurrency, to the less volatile and 
growing of asset backed market, by generating income, value appreciation and hedging. 
 
Utilized in investment or trading by purchasing equity base tokens in equivalent value without incurring 
fees on our platform. Participants worldwide will be able to utilize our platform to invest and diversify 
their portfolio, along with the liquidity of a public market but generate the returns of a private market. 
 
Backed by our experts with a strong track record and reputation in real estate development, 
cryptocurrency and tech industry, we at Equitybase have raised a $300,000 seed round. We have 
founded and exited high profile online companies along with extensive experience in the real estate 
industry and operating startups for over the last 15 years. 
 



 

equitybase.co 4 
 

By summer of 2018, a full functional website will be launched on our Equitybase Platform. Where any 
participants will be able to invest in asset backed securities token and obtain dividends along with asset 
appreciation, which will be held by a smart contract and paid with crypto or fiat currency along with the 
liquidity of a traditional public markets.  By fall of 2018, IOS and Android apps will be available to our 
platform users as well, with the full functionality of our website securely on their mobile devices. 
 

    
    

No Minimum Investment Startup Experience Blockchain Based Worldwide Presence 

Users can invest into real estate 
without minimum reserves 

Founders has proven startup and 
real estate experience 

BASE utilize smart contract and 
blockchain technologies 

Anyone around the world can 
participate  

    
 

 

 

 

Introduction 

 

Historically, real estate has proven to be one of the best-performing investments. As real estate 

developer ourselves, we spent our early careers building and owning commercial real estate properties. 

Yet, too often large portion of the profits from the projects ended up mostly in the pockets of our 

institutional investment partners, who in reality were acting as a middleman standing between us and 

the actual people whose money was being invested. 

 

 

 



 

equitybase.co 5 
 

Better Returns, Lower Risk 
See the risk and returns across major asset classes in the last two decades 

 
Source: Thompson-Reuters Datastream, Data from 1993-2013 

 

 

 

Equitybase has a simple solution: give everyone the opportunity to invest directly in high quality asset 

backed holdings, with the liquidity of a stock and earnings of a private equity investment combined with 

no lock-in period and no middleman. Equitybase will offer a diversified real estate investment platform 

available directly to anyone online. We make the process of investing in the highest quality commercial 

real estate from around the world simple, efficient, transparent and fully liquidable. 

 

   
   

Public Market Private Market Hybrid Market 
Stocks/Bonds/ETF Crowdfunding Platform Equitybase Platform 

   
Investment Period Investment Period Investment Period 

   

Daily Liquidity  3-7 Years Daily Liquidity 
   

Average 20 Year Annual Return Average 20 Year Annual Return Average 20 Year Annual Return 
   

8.1% 12+% 12+% 
 



 

equitybase.co 6 
 

Equitybase believes that one of the most revolutionary applications of Blockchain technologies will be 

within the tokenized of asset and exchange industry. The use of Blockchain and smart contract 

technology in the field of real world asset, it has the potential to completely revolutionize the sector, 

giving full direct access to real estate investment worldwide, along with lowering barriers to entry and 

increasing market liquidity (which is usually only seen within the public markets).  Equitybase platform 

will be utilizing a Hybrid Market system which enables high annual return of a private market system 

along with the liquidity of a public market. 

 

 

 

 

 

Commercial real estate is one of the most dynamic investment classes in the world. Commercial real 

estate is the only major asset class that produces high yield and significant equity buildup. It can be 

efficiently leveraged for massive gains and has the security of a hard asset that you can see and touch 

(intrinsic value regardless of an income stream). Also it can provide some of the best tax advantages. 

 

Blockchain and Smart Contract Overview 

 

• Blockchain 
A blockchain is a digitized, decentralized, public or private ledger of all cryptocurrency transactions. 
Constantly growing as ‘completed’ blocks (the most recent transactions) are recorded and added to it in 
chronological order; it allows market participants to keep track of digital currency transactions without 

https://www.investopedia.com/terms/g/generalledger.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/cryptocurrency.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/transaction.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/block-bitcoin-block.asp


 

equitybase.co 7 
 

central recordkeeping. Each node (a computer connected to the network) gets a copy of the blockchain, 
which is downloaded automatically. 
 
Originally developed as the accounting method for the virtual currency Bitcoin, blockchains – which uses 
what's known as distributed ledger technology (DLT) – are appearing in a variety of commercial 
applications today. Currently, the technology is primarily used to verify transactions, within digital 
currencies, though it is possible to digitize code and insert practically any document into the blockchain. 
Doing so creates an indelible record; furthermore, the record’s authenticity can be verified by the entire 
community using the blockchain instead of a single centralized authority. 
A block is the ‘current’ part of a blockchain, which records some or all of the recent transactions. Once 
completed, a block goes into the blockchain as a permanent database. Each time a block gets completed, 
a new one is generated. There is countless number of such blocks in the blockchain, connected to each 
other (like links in a chain) in proper linear, chronological order. Every block contains a hash of the 
previous block. The blockchain has complete information about different user addresses and their 
balances right from the genesis block to the most recently completed block. 
 
The blockchain was designed so these transactions are immutable, meaning they cannot be deleted. The 

blocks are added through cryptography, ensuring that they remain meddle-proof: The data can be 

distributed, but not copied. *https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/blockchain.asp 

 

• Smart contracts 
A smart contract, also known as a crypto-contract, is a computer program that directly controls the 
transfer of digital currencies or assets between parties under certain conditions. A smart contract not 
only defines the rules and penalties around an agreement – in the same way that a traditional contract 
does – but it can also automatically enforce those obligations. It does this by taking in information as 
input, assigning value to that input through the rules set out in the contract, and executing the actions 
required by those contractual clauses – for example, determining whether an asset should go to one 
person or returned to the other person from whom the asset originated. These contracts are stored 
on blockchain technology, a decentralized ledger that also underpins bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. 
Blockchain is ideal for storing smart contracts because of the technology's security and immutability. 
 
Smart contracts are complex and their potential goes beyond the simple transfer of assets: being able to 
execute transactions in a wide range of fields, from legal processes to insurance premiums 
to crowdfunding agreements to financial derivatives. Smart contracts have the potential to 
disintermediate the legal and financial fields; in particular, simplifying and automating routine and 
repetitive processes for which people currently pay lawyers and banks sizable fees to perform. The role 
of lawyers could also shift in the future as smart contracts gain traction, for example from adjudicating 
traditional contracts to producing customizable smart contract templates. Additionally, smart contracts' 
ability not only to automate processes but also to control behavior, as well as their potential in real-
time auditing and risk assessments, can be beneficial to compliance.*http://searchcompliance.techtarget.com/definition/smart-contrac 

 

 

 

https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/bitcoin.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/distributed-ledgers.asp
http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/blockchain
http://searchoracle.techtarget.com/definition/distributed-database
http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/Bitcoin
http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/cryptocurrency
http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/crowdfunding
http://searchcompliance.techtarget.com/definition/compliance-audit
http://searchcompliance.techtarget.com/definition/risk-assessment
http://searchdatamanagement.techtarget.com/definition/compliance


 

equitybase.co 8 
 

BASE Token 

 

In order to power this new platform for the issuance and trading of regulatory compliant securities on 
the Ethereum blockchain, an ERC20 standard Polymath(BASE) token will be created and distributed to 
network participants. 360 Million BASE tokens will be minted and no additional BASE tokens will ever be 
minted after that. BASE tokens are the underlying economic unit of the Equitybase ecosystem by 
providing reduce and zero fee solution on the platform. 

 

Our platform is based on 2 values of unit 
Base Tokens are a digital representation of a participation of Equitybase platform. BASE Tokens will be 
tradable outside Equitybase’s platform, as they are an ERC20 Token so they will have an inherent value 
in the exchanges. Users will also be able to utilize BASE Tokens as a zero fees incentive for investing in 
Securities tokens at our platform along with ERC20 standard interface that guarantees the 
interoperability between tokens.  
 
BASE token, which can be kept in any Ethereum based smart/cold wallet, is an ERC20 based blockchain 
token with vesting functions.  
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
BASE token are created on token sale backed by a smart contract and will be on a fixed volume basis, 
which are stored in any Ethereum ERC20 base wallet. Equitybase platform does not restrain investors on 
minimum investment or holding period. 
 

BASE Token growth strategy 
As tokens created at the Token Sale stage, the token will be deflationary. As more investments and 
trading are made in the platform less BASE tokens remain in circulation. Therefore the availability of the 
tokens will be lower each time the token holders invest into new securities token investments and as a 
result we believe the price of token will go up. 

BASE 
Token 

Equity 
Exchange 

Equity 
Invest 



 

equitybase.co 9 
 

To provide an escalated growth to the platform, the company will introduce the reserved BASE tokens 6 
months after the lock period is passed, we will implement a well-executed strategy in order to maintain 
a stable token price.   
 

Equitybase Platform Solution 
 

Equitybase platform solutions on blockchain to legally compliant securities offerings with a network of 
services allowing lower associated costs over time. Provide a decentralized platform for trading security 
tokens along with fundraising for asset back token issuers. Platform enables issuers to authenticate 
investor’s identity, residency, and accreditation status to participate in a wide range of token offerings 
within the Equitybase ecosystem.  Equitybase provide the complete solution to token issuers on 
offerings to be done in a regulatory compliant manner.  

Within Equitybase's market platform, users will be able to invest for economic rights of a property, 
represented by each securities token within equitybase’s Equity Invest platform which and will be 
backed by physical asset. Investors will also be able to trade, liquidate their asset backed holdings on our 
Equity Exchange platform. 
 
We are combining the liquidity of public market along with higher rate of return of private market 
solution utilizing smart contract blockchain technologies. As a result, we are inventing a whole new way 
to invest. BASE token holders around the world will be able to participant in our hybrid market platform 
using cryptocurrency without fees while generating profits, paid in varies of crypto or fiat currencies.  
Equitybase's Hybrid Market platform will offer simple, transparent and direct investments. That 
removes the uncertainties usually encountered by individual investors and enabling virtually anybody to 
build a asset backed investment portfolio that delivers predictable and consistent returns without a 
lock-in period. Issuers around the world would also be able to utilize our platform with identical 
functionality. 
 
We believe in diversifying investments. Therefore, we will offer a variety of products within our platform 
such as debt, preferred equity and common equity. Each types offer various degree of rate of return and 
suggested holding period to maximize on their investments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

equitybase.co 10 
 

 

Equity Invest 

 
 
Equity Invest will be based on Etherum smart contract that represents asset backed securities offering. 
This contract will have different steps, each step will be stamped in the blockchain by the contract. 
Once a new asset is entered in our equity invest platform, there will be a list of required tasks to be 
performed. This information will be audited and shared with the platform investors. After due diligence 
has been assessed and verified, detail information will be published on the platform. Information will be 
included as: price, suggested hold period, target annual cash rate, target IRR, target equity multiple.  All 
calculation of returns is based on suggested hold period on each specific deal. 
 
- Type of offering 
- Funding Amount 
- Suggest Hold Period 
- Target annual cash rate, target IRR, target equity multiple 
 
 
The system will automatically create all associate data for the contract and will create the securities 
token offering participations associated to it to allow investors to purchase them. 
Securities token offering will represent the shares on each project created. Each investor will be able to 
exchange or liquidate their holdings for the property’s participations through our equity exchange 
platform. Securities token will also be tradable inside equity exchange platform. So, any investor will be 
able to transfer and sell their investment to gain liquidity. 
 
 
 

 
ETH/FIAT 

 

 
Smart Contract 

    

    

 
Equity Exchange 

 
 

 
Issuers 

  
 
 
 

BASE TOKEN 
Holder/Investor 

     
     

 
ETH/FIAT 

 

 
Smart Contract 

  
 
 

Equity Invest Platform 

  



 

equitybase.co 11 
 

Issuers are responsible to update smart contract. The earnings from income of the asset and system will 
automatically be divided and paid in ETH/FIAT to each token investor according to percentage held. If 
the issuers decide to sell the asset, the distribution of the income will be on hold and issuers will deposit 
the profits of the sale (in ETHER) inside the contract along with all legal documentation of the sale. The 
token holders will automatically receive the principal investment plus the ETHER corresponding to the 
profits of the sale of the asset. 
 

Equity Exchange 

 
 
Equity Exchange offer investors an innovative standardized way of buying and selling tokenized asset 
holdings on investment made on Equity Invest. Equity Exchange enables fractional trading of asset 
backed securities similar to stock market without a lock-in period. It will be able to add intrinsic value 
based upon the performance and demand of each holdings individually. Also, project or fund value will 
increase closer to execution date if any, offering price will be adjusted base on each asset holding 
accordingly. 
 
 

Equity Reserve 

 

Equity Reserve will enact as a secondary reserve operator which provides an additional layer of liquidity 

to the Equity Exchange platform, it will be utilize as a reserve pool to continuous enable platform users 

to liquidate their holdings with guarantee buyback on the exchange.  Primary reserve will be initiated by 

each project sponsors, which 5% of total funds raised will be held in a multi-sig wallet and utilize for 

each holdings for liquidity purposes. 

 

Equitybase APP 

 

 

 

Investors and issuers can manage their accounts, 
liquidate and invest through the Equitybase mobile 
app. Equitybase app connect users to the 
blockchain by utilizing smart contracts, users will 
be able to access their assets and investment 
information, which values are recorded in the 
ledger of the blockchain. The platform will have 
identical function on the mobile app and the 
desktop application. Equitybase will provide a user 
friendly design and intuitive layout for its users.   



 

equitybase.co 12 
 

 

Investment Stack 

 

The capital investment types outline the relationship between the equity and the debt. The lower down 

on the stack the lower the risk to that capital, and vice versa as you move higher up. This lower risk then 

translates to a lower return. As you move up the stack, the risk and potential returns increase 

accordingly. This relationship can also be described as seniority. 

 

 
 
Often when you hear someone describe the 
financial structure of a real estate deal they 
will refer to the “capital stack”. The capital 
stack represents all the different types of 
capital invested into a real estate asset and 
the relationship between each category. 

 

 
Capital investment 

Equity: Represents an ownership interest in the asset. 

 

Debt: Loan given to the equity ownership and typically collateralized by the asset itself or other assets of 

the equity owner. 

Debt 
Debt is always lower down on the capital stack and therefore senior to the equity, meaning that it is first 

to be paid back. Most real estate debt is provided by traditional lenders, such as banks, that take the 

senior secured position. Because senior debt is in the most secure position, the return (or interest rate) 

charged is the lowest and is often fixed or capped. Debt also comes with a fixed term, at the end of 

which the equity ownership must pay back the entire principal plus interest or risk losing control of the 

asset. 

Common Equity 
Equity owners are at the top of the capital stack and are in the riskiest position; they are last to be paid 

back. Because of this, equity investors typically require the largest returns to compensate for that risk. 

Equity investors, unlike debt, participate in the success of the investment, meaning that their upside or 

potential returns are not capped but can increase or decrease depending upon the performance of the 

investment. Because equity investors are owners of the asset there is no fixed term for the investment; 

full payout only occurs when the asset is sold or an individual investor sells his/her ownership interest. 



 

equitybase.co 13 
 

In almost all real estate deals, there is a issuers (often a manager or developer) that contributes a small 

portion of the equity and is responsible for the management and performance of the actual investment. 

The sponsor will raise additional equity from investors who take a senior position within the equity itself, 

frequently receiving a preferred return and first payback rights. 

Preferred Equity 
As financing for real estate deals has become more complex, there have been additional types of capital 

added to the stack that often acts as a hybrid between equity and debt. This category is often referred 

to as mezzanine debt or preferred equity. As a hybrid structure, this type of investment is senior to 

traditional equity investment but subordinate to the debt. Often the return structure is also a hybrid 

between true equity and debt, where mezzanine/preferred equity investors receive a fixed annual 

payback over a specific investment term but potentially can participate in the upside or continued 

success of the investment. 

Each deal is unique, and the factors that contribute to the potential risks and returns vary. The structure 

of the capital stack will therefore also vary from deal to deal. As an investor, it is important to fully 

understand the potential risks and returns at each point in the stack and to also have a clear outline of 

exactly what returns you are entitled to. Not all investment structures are suitable for all investors, as 

with more complexity also comes more risk. 

 

Equity Fund  

(4th Quarter 2018 ICO) 

 

Equitybase boasts an exceptional team of founders and advisors with extensive experience. Equitybase 
is growing its investment team and has an excellent track record in all areas: Value-Added investments, 
real estate development, asset management and capital markets. 
 
Equity Fund mission will be investing, acquisition, development and management of securities assets 
through: careful selection, curation, value investing and impeccable portfolio management. Our 
objective is to generate growth in income and value for our investors and to maximize returns. 
Equitybase will mainly focus on midsize assets between $5-100 Million USD.  
 



 

equitybase.co 14 
 

 
 
We utilize a value-added investment strategy; value-added investing has tended to producing higher 
returns over the long term to property value along with passive income. We focus in handpicked 
opportunities in areas of which value-added or ground up development would be feasible to the areas 
of development. 
 
Through careful selection, Equity Fund will acquire a portfolio of desirable asset, for commercial and 
mixed-use purposes also within Equity Invest along with a view to generating income and adding long 
term value. Equity Fund seeks to attain competitive purchase prices, and offers tailor-made leases and 
repositioning of asset. 
 

Focus: 

 Invest in securities offering within Equity Exchange 

 The implementation of a diversified portfolio of top quality asset back holdings which create 
high return rate for residual income and capital gains. 

 Identifying of value-added investment opportunities and projects to generate fixed income on 
the interim while higher rate of return once renovation completed. 

 An investment analysis aimed at generating higher value through focusing on quality assets in 
prime locations with the potential to generate steady and sustainable cash flows. 

 Redevelop urbanize property into a viable mixed-use or commercial project to generate 
substantial returns for its participants. 

 
Opportunity: Our Primary objective will be focus on investing within Equity Invest and secondary 
objective is to focus on high-quality mid-size commercial real estate assets in high profile super cities. 
We will mainly focus on Value-Added and Ground-Up development within the targeted cities. Our 
objective is to increase rent roll and property value within a feasible duration base upon types of 
development involved. Owning high-quality properties in unique top of the notch cities will drive 
superior returns, reduce risk and hedge against inflation. 
 
 



 

equitybase.co 15 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Use Case 

 

 
 
TYPE: Value Add  
 



 

equitybase.co 16 
 

Office building with exterior and interior updates  
 
Square Feet: 83,252sq²/7,734m² 

 

Purchase Price: $21,500,000 
Current Office Income/Year: $1,998,000 
Building Renovation: $1,800,000 
Preferred Equity: $7,525,000 
Debt: $13,975,000 

Selling Price:$29,318,000 
Renovated Office Income/Year: $2,797,000 
Renovation Period: 16 Months 

  

  
NET PROFIT AFTER CAPITAL EVENTS 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NET PROFIT 

$6,018,000 

ROI 

65% 

Annual Yield 

$530,800 



 

equitybase.co 17 
 

 
TYPE: Development  
 
Mixed-use development  
120 Residential Units with 20,000sq² Retail 
Square Feet: 130,000sq²/12,077m² 

 

Land Price: $10,500,000 
Construction Cost: $30,800,000 
Preferred Equity: $10,325,000 
Debt: $27,975,000 

Selling Price:$78,000,000 
Construction Period: 30-36 Months 

  

  
NET PROFIT AFTER CAPITAL EVENTS 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 
 
Investment Location: Our main investment objectives are focus on super cities such as New York, Los 
Angeles and expand to other markets such as Hong Kong and London in near future. Each of these 
markets is benefiting from the following positive trends: 
 

 Consistent Growth Rate 

 Stabilize Value 

 High Demand 

 Minimum downside risk 

 Ease of capital events 
 

Los Angeles New York 

NET PROFIT 

$30,100,000 

ROI 

292% 

 Annual 

Return Rate 

97% 



 

equitybase.co 18 
 

  
London 

 

Hong Kong 

 
Cited: www.jll.com/cities-research/Documents/cities_research/global-top-30-city-cobwebs.html 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Equitybase Platform Technology Stack 

 

Equitybase platform is a standalone P2P network protocol design for digitizing real estate into a 
decentralize system.  Network is governed by Ethereum smart contract which allows implement and 
executes preset guidance for entities to interact in tokenization of assets. 
 
We are designing a robust DAPP for a desktop and mobile app which allows each user to interact with 
their holdings on the platform and also for sponsors and developers to list and update property status. 
The platform is being design with a mobile first approach and a strong emphasis in user 
experience/interface UX/UI, which allows ease of access and provide most relevant information to its 
users. 



 

equitybase.co 19 
 

 
 
 

 
User Database 

   

 
System Database 

 

   Web Server 

 

   

 

 
Ethereum Blockchain 

   

 
BitcoinBlockchain 

 

       
       
  

 
Mobile 

 

 
DAPP 

  

 
 
Equitybase platform software components using the following technologies: 
 
Web Mobile Back End Database Smart Contracts 
Javascript, Web3.js, 
Electron 

Java, Swift 4,  Python, Angular Realm, SQL Solidity, Zeppelin, 
Truffle 

 

Equitybase Revenue 

Equitybase will obtain up to 2% of net profit proceeds from general income and 2%+ from capital events, 

fees are based on performance basis within each property distribution waterfall guideline.  Equitybase 

will charge a 1% fees for platform listings for real estate developer and sponsors interested in listing 

their prospective properties on our platform.  Investors and sponsors can reduce or waive fees entirely 

by obtaining equivalent amount of BASE token value. 

 



 

equitybase.co 20 
 

 

 
Income 
 
Cash flows from operations are to be distributed in the following order: 

1. Senior debt service payments 
2. Payment of current preferred return to the Securities Token Holders 
3. Remaining proceeds to all common deal-level equity holder 

 

Property participations of each securities offering can generate returns through income, it will be 
divided according the participation percentage of each investors in the property.  Net income 
disbursement will be on monthly payment basis automatically through any ERC20 compliant token or 
ETH. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital Events 
 
Proceeds from capital events are to be distributed in the following order: 

1. Outstanding loan balance payoff 
2. Payment to the securities offering of any unpaid current preferred return 
3. Payment to the securities offering of the accrued preferred return 
4. Return on invested capital to the securities offering 

Debt 
Preferred 

Equity 
Common 

Equity 



 

equitybase.co 21 
 

5. Remaining proceeds to all common deal-level equity holder 

 

 
Once property is sold on public markets, Equitybase will obtain profits from the sale, while net profits 
will be divided accordingly to the percentage and investment type that corresponds to each participant. 
Each user's profits will be paid in ETH or ERC20 base token. Participants will obtain their initial BASE 
Tokens return once the transaction is finalized. 
 

Equitybase ICO 

BASE: EquitybaseERC20 Token 

A capped pre-sale of BASE token will start on 02/28/2018 to 03/12/2018 at a discount rate of 40%, BASE 

token sale will be conducted via smart contract and fully audited by Coinfabrik to ensure the security of 

the ICO process.  The proceeds from the ICO offering will be utilize in the following manner: 60% of the 

funds will be used for Market liquidity (Equity Reserve) and 40% will be for product development and 

operations. 

Public ICO of BASE Token will begin on 02/28/2018 and end on 04/30/2018 with initial discount of 30%, 

discount rate will be lower in increments of 5% weekly over the duration of the ICO sale. We expect 

BASE Tokens acquired during the ICO process will be substantially discounted against trading values on 

public exchanges. Minimum contributions during the public ICO will be at 0.001 ETH.  Transfer rate is set 

at 1 ETH = 3,000 BASE. 

Pre-ICO 1st Week ICO 2nd Week ICO 3rd Week ICO 4th Week ICO 5th Week ICO 6th Week ICO 7th Week ICO 
40% Discount 30% Discount 25% Discount 20% Discount 15% Discount 10% Discount 5% Discount 0% Discount 

 

 

Balance 
Unpaid 

Preferred 
Return 

Accrued 
Preferred 

Return 

Investment 
Capital 

Common 
Equity 

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION 

10% 
Community 

15% 
Reserve 

50% 
Crowdsale 20% 

Team 

5% 
Private Sale 



 

equitybase.co 22 
 

 
Total availablity of BASE token will be set at 360,000,000 of which 50% will be sold during ICO, remaining 

reserve token will be held for 1 year and peridically release to stimulated the platform’s growth if 

needed.  20% of the tokens will be allocated to the founding team members and its advisors with a 12 

month vesting period.  10% of overall token allotment will be distributed for community program 

marketing prior and after the ICO process. 

 
 

 
 

 

 
 

PROCEEDS FROM ICO 

40% 
Operation 

60% 
Equity 
Reserve 

OPERATION DISTRIBUTION 10% 
Legal/Auditing 

5% 
MISC Expense 

30% 
Team 
Compensation 

25% 
Administrative 

30% 
Sales/Marketing 


