




































Eristica Network

Global Decentralized Platform 

of Personal and Mass Challenges 

Authors: Nikita Akimov, Alex Nabokov

September 8, 2017

  



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
2

Motivation
From times immemorial, people have been making bets. One of the earliest bets 
known to the mankind is the one that Cleopatra and Mark Antony made. In this story, 
the queen bet that she could drink wine that cost 10 million sesterces in one meal. So, 
she dissolved 10 million sesterces worth of pearls into a glass of wine and drank it in a 
gulp! Legend has it that this how Cleopatra won the bet.

The term eristica is derived from the Greek eristikē technē, which translates to, “the art 
of winning disputes”. It is known that ancient Greeks had a very keen eye for bets. As a 
matter of fact, the whole Greek mythology is steeped in the idea of a rivalry between 
gods and people for a good reason.

Fast forward to the 20th century and this is when challenges and bets grew into a 
commercial industry where anyone who wanted to have a bet could put his/her money 
on almost any event in any city throughout the world.

So, in 1960 David Threlfall made one of the most unbelievable bets ever in history. In 
one of the bookmaker’s offices in London, the Brit bet 10 pounds on an unbelievable 
bet at the time that man would get to the Moon within the following 10 years! And it 
did happen! 9 years later Neil Armstrong landed on the Moon and David won 10,000 
pounds! He converted this fortune into a very expensive sports car but long story 
short, it was all thanks to a bet!

Moreover, bets have also been known to influence culture and art around the globe. 
For example, betting is the main subject in the novel “Around the World in Eighty 
Days”. “The Gambler”, the novel by Fyodor Dostoevsky, was written by the author 
within a month as the writer looked settle up his debts to a casino.

Hollywood celebrities have not lagged behind either. Steven Spielberg still receives 
checks from George Lucas for the bet he won, when the films “Star Wars. Episode IV: A 
New Hope” and “Close Encounters of the Third Kind” were released. The directors bet 
on the film that will get more box office sales. Spielberg put his stake on Lucas’ film, 
and Lucas, on the contrary, put it on Spielberg’s movie. As far as we know, “Star Wars” 
became a real sensation. Within the first year after the release, the film got 
record-breaking $740 million, which is 2.5 times more than the competitor’s gains. 
This is how George Lucas lost the bet!

With the advent of the MTV era and shows such as “I bet You Will”1 and “Jackass”2, the 
industry of bets was transformed. Bets were replaced by personal and group 
challenges that became very popular among young people. “Jackass” for instance was 
rated 68th on the top shows of past 25 years3.

1 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I_Bet_You_Will
2 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jackass_(TV_series)
3 According to Entertainment Weekly: http://ew.com/article/2007/06/18/new-classics-tv/

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I_Bet_You_Will
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jackass_(TV_series)
http://ew.com/article/2007/06/18/new-classics-tv/


White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
3

Then there was the emergence of YouTube that set a new stage in the development of 
challenges. Everyone could now become famous — by just performing a crazy task, 
record everything on a smartphone and put the video on the Web. Videos with new 
challenges get millions of views and likes, making their authors YouTube stars and 
motivating new players to challenge the winners.

This is where Eristica project comes in given that it is designed to unify challenges 
into one single mobile platform, where users post videos with their challenges, 
challenge others and compete for top places in the overall ranking.

But, despite the huge progress, there are still problems in the industry that hinder 
further development. Most notably, there is the problem of trust that hasn’t been 
solved yet. This has led to the existence of intermediary guarantors, high commissions, 
and complicated the procedure for creating a challenge.

Then there is the control over national currencies, legislative restrictions, the absence 
of a global market which is yet another layer of problems imposed by the classical 
monetary system.

Moreover, there are internal reasons for stagnation, one of them being the fact that 
monetization through advertising for FunTech is the base pay. Projects are forced to 
look to major advertisers, place aggressive advertising and sell the user base, which is 
negatively perceived by the community.

Well, Eristica project intends to resolve the mentioned issues with the help of 
blockchain technology and smart contracts. This way, Eristica will create a new 
direction for development and it will be able to spearhead the evolutionary 
breakthrough in the FunTech industry.



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
4

Table of Contents
Motivation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  

Table of Contents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

The project concept . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Unification …………………………………………………………………………………………………………..
Benefits ……………………………………………………………………………………………………………...
Synergy ……………………………………………………………………………………………………………….
Community ………………………………………………………………………………………………………….

FunTech market. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

Eristica overview . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

The Eristica cryptocurrency   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Purpose and characterization ………………………………………………………………………………….
Building fundamental value …………………………………………………………………………………...
Ethereum settlement layer ……………………………………………………………………………………..

Digital economy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Wallet …………………………………………………………………………………………...…………...………
Eristica Game API.  ………………………………………………………………………………………………..
Visualisation ………………………………………………………………………….…………………………….
Example use case: challenges and predictions …………………………………………………………….
Example use case: decentralized governance ……...…...…...…...…...…...…...…...…...…...……...
Example use case: top bloggers challenges ………………………………………………………………...
Example use case: brand challenges .………………………………………………………………………..

Eristica Challenge Foundation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Development goals ……………………………………………………………………………………………….
Financing and activities ………………………………………………………………………………………...

Eristica token issuance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Brief summary……………………………………………………………………………………………………….
Token allocations ………………………………………………………………………………………………….
Project Budget ……………………………………………………………………………………………………..

Cryptocurrency adoption among mass audience . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Road Map  . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . .

Conclusion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Founding team . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Mentors and advisers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2

4

5
5
6
6
7

8

10

11
11
11
12

13
13
14
15
16
17
18
18

19
19
19

20
20
21
22

24

25

26

27

28

#


White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
5

The project 
concept 
Eristica is a revolutionary P2P-platform that drives participation in challenges and 
online competitions. The project was launched in 2015 and has already got more than 
1.2 million users.

The platform enables each participant to launch and accept challenges, provide video 
footage of challenges completed and get ratings based on the results.

Eristica users are also allowed to generate viral content with the videos of challenges 
getting millions of views on YouTube, and the winners becoming stars. The system of 
rating, reputation and ranking creates a powerful incentive for active participation. 
Competitive incentive makes players fight for top places in the rating, in the quest for 
fame and prizes.

With the help of blockchain technology, the Eristica project intends to overcome the 
obstacles faced by the industry and create a single ecosystem for both offline and 
online competitions.

Tokenization of the platform’s economy will offer the opportunity to get a reward for 
winning challenges, receive virtual reward from successful predictions and buy access 
to all services of the platform.

Eristica is a universal platform, where each member of the community benefits from 
the synergy created within the ecosystem.

Unification
The users of Eristica will get the opportunity to create completely different types of 
challenges, including competitions in online games, offline bets4, as well as mass 
competitions, which is a unique advantage of the project.

One other great feature of the platform is the freedom afforded to users when it comes 
to choosing the number of participants and members. There may be one-vs-one, 
one-vs-many and mass competitions.

At the heart of this project is the ability to digitize the industry coupled with 
democratization and unification of all business processes in the platform. The platform 
brings offline challenges to online with the help of a user-friendly interface. 
Challenges will be created according to a set of uniform rules while the terms of the 
bet will be confirmed in a smart contract and executed automatically.

.4 Wherever the term 'Bet' is used in the this White Paper the term 'Challenge' is meant ('bet' = 'challenge'). There are no connections to 
casinos, money bets or gambling.



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
6

Democratization will make the industry affordable to everyone. With a single click, one 
will be able to challenge thousands of participants to compete or guess the winner of 
the current challenge and get rewards for it. In other words, Eristica’s ecosystem 
allows everyone to pick a suitable level of participation depending on preferences.

Benefits
Financial indicators and fees in the industry of Bets and Challenges are not uniform 
and sometimes the disparity can be exorbitant. Bets are usually subject to bookmaker 
or intermediator firms meaning that the fees can rise up to 20%.

For example, platforms with challenges among young people charge a 10% fee while 
online and eSports competitions charge 5-10%.

That said, Eristica sets a single bet for all types of bets, challenges, and competitions, 
that is 3%. This is bound to become a standard in the industry and create a flow of 
customers from more expensive platforms.

3%

5%

10%

20%

FE
E 

CO
M

PA
RI

SO
N

Synergy
Eristica will also create a platform where different types of people can interact with 
each other thus creating a level of synergy in the process. The young demographic 
who perhaps have never dealt with crypto-currency before, will get an opportunity to 
try the products and services in the crypto-industry. This will create a new inflow of 
users and speed up the process of introducing crypto-currency into the masses.

Everybody is thus expected to benefit from this paradigm. The creators of 
crypto-projects get access to a new active audience, independent developers get the 
platform, where they can implement their ideas. The community of Eristica, on the 
other hand, will have an opportunity to get a rewarded for activity and contribution to 
the development of the project.

Bookmakers   

Online services

E-sports platform

Erisitca



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD

Community 
A young audience demographic is one of the attractive aspects of the Eristica project. 
About 64% of the 1.2 million user base are young people between 13-25 years old 
which are interested in video, challenges and entertainment. This audience watches an 
average of 20 hours of video on their smartphones per week, which is 50% more than 
for the average internet user. Active users log in to the application 4 times per day on 
average. What’s even amazing is that the average session duration is at 13 minutes, 
which is a pretty high in the industry.

At the current stage of development, the project expansion covers mainly the region of 
Southeast Asia and India where we target the same demographics of people between 
13-35 years with the same area of interests. Starting with 2018, local manufacturers 
will pre-install the Eristica app on new smartphones. Potential growth from the 
cooperation targets around 500,000 new users in the first quarter of 2018.

The Eristica project is the gateway to the world of the crypto-industry for the 
ever-growing community-minded and committed project audience. Eristica intends to 
democratize the existing challenge industry and make the new crypto experience 
seamless for both new and existing users.

7



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
8

FunTech 
market
Penetration of the internet technology in the entertainment industry created a new 
market called FunTech, similarly to FinTech (Financial Technologies) or BioTech 
(Biological Technologies).  This market became one of the largest and the fastest 
growing industry on the Internet. The audience of YouTube stands at over 1.5 billion 
registered users and still growing each passing day. On average, users spend 40 
minutes a day watching YouTube videos5.

No wonder YouTube became the medium, where mass challenges turned into a truly 
global phenomenon. Most Internet users remember the globe-spanning Gangnam 
Style6 hype in 2012. This was inspired by Psy’s music video that was the first video clip 
in the history to hit 1 billion and later 2 billion views. This triggered the wave of 
Gangnam Style Challenge with over 2 million videos featuring parodies, contests, and 
competitions dedicated to the famous dance.

After that, the phenomenon of video challenges became even more popular. In 2013, 
Harlem Shake Challenge7 became super popular. To date, more than 9.9 million video 
challenges have been uploaded on YouTube, and this number continues to increase.

In 2014, ALS Ice Bucket Challenge became extremely popular around the globe. The 
current US President Donald Trump8 was one of those who accepted this challenge 
among many other personalities. Hillary Clinton is another popular figure who has 
been involved in a popular challenge in what was known as the Mannequin 
Challenge9.

5 YouTube statistics for 2017: http://www.socialmediatoday.com/social-business/mind-blowing-youtube-stats-facts-and-figures-2017-infographic
6 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0
7 Harlem Shake Celebrity Edition: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Krn46xfo-Ts
8 Donald Trump in ALS Ice Bucket Challenge: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxDAyUiXphg 
9 Top-15 video Mannequin Challenge: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptWWWqkpSj4 

http://www.socialmediatoday.com/social-business/mind-blowing-youtube-stats-facts-and-figures-2017-infographic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Krn46xfo-Ts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxDAyUiXphg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptWWWqkpSj4


White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
9

$510M

$13B
Online video 
market

Challenge
videos

TAM: $13B IN 2017

CONTENT MARKET IS 
GROWING
ONLINE VIDEO

$1.4B

$35B

UP TO $35B BY 2021

ASIA

15B
29B

59B

114B

2014 2015 2016 2017

VIDEO VIEWS
The online video market in 2017 for the 
Asian region was estimated to be worth $13 
billion. The share of challenge videos is 
approximately 4% or $510 million.  

It is estimated that by 2021, the entire 
online video market will cost $35 billion, 
with a $1.4 billion10 share of Video 
Challenges, respectively.

Grows dynamics of the video content market in Asia. Sources: www.variety.com and www.insivia.com

Further growth of the market will be promoted by an increase in the number of 
smartphone users. Nowadays, about 70% of the views on YouTube originate from 
mobile devices. Besides, the increase in population and the expansion of the Internet 
access network can be considered as a key factor that will propel this industry into 
greater heights.

Viral videos with Challenges have become a part of modern culture and the Eristica 
project is using this as a yardstick. Having entered the market in 2015, Eristica has 
already seen significant growth in the market keeping in mind that the project is still 
in the early phases of development. 

By introducing technological innovation into the industry, by means of 
decentralization and tokenization of processes, Eristica simplifies interaction among 
participants, making the challenge process gamified, transparent and super exciting!  

10  Aggregated data from variety.com and insivia.com

YOY CAGR 97,5%

http://www.variety.com
http://www.insivia.com
http://variety.com/
http://www.insivia.com/


White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
10

Eristica 
overview
The project was started as an idea in 2014. It was at the time, when Nikita Akimov, the 
founder of Eristica, began working on the prototype of the application, forming the 
team and experimenting in the search for the best way to interact with the challenge 
community.

In 2015, the first public version of the Eristica application became available for 
download on Google Play and iTunes.

In August 2016, the project took part in the startup competition held by Winter Capital 
venture fund and the McKinsey & Company consulting company. The Eristica team 
shared the first place with two other projects, winning the prize of $75,000. This was 
the first major recognition of the project.This is the same year that the project started 
growing in popularity reaching 500,000 users.

At the beginning of 2017, the Eristica team focused on rapidly developing region of 
Southeast Asia and India which is known for high demand for local entertainment 
content. That was one of the reasons why Eristica was invited to participate in the 
acceleration program of the startup Mobile Only Accelerator (MOX)11, managed by the 
SOSV12 fund.

This market became both an opportunity and a technological challenge for Eristica. 
The application was rebuild to work in the area with low speed Internet:

● The size of the application was reduced to 7mb
● Phone RAM consumption was decreased 
● Eristica app was optimized work in zone of 2G internet

In the middle of 2017, the project team successfully completed the program in SOSV 
accelerator, which is one of the largest venture capital fund in the world. SOSV fund 
ranks first in “Investments in the early stages” rating13, ahead of other top giants like 
YCombinator and 500 Startups.

SOSV helped to get deals with major electronics manufacturers (OEMs) concerning 
pre-installing the Eristica application on new smartphones sold countries like India, 
Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines, and Russia.

11 https://e27.co/meet-second-batch-mox-run-man-behind-one-chinas-successful-accelerators-20170109/
12 https://sosv.com/choosing-accelerator-china-running/
13 Data from Techcrunch analytic report 
http://static.crunchbase.com/reports/annual_2016_yf42a/crunchbase_annual_2016.pdf?utm_source=autopilot&utm_medium=email&utm_
campaign=YIR2016&utm_content=YIR

https://e27.co/meet-second-batch-mox-run-man-behind-one-chinas-successful-accelerators-20170109/
https://sosv.com/choosing-accelerator-china-running/
http://static.crunchbase.com/reports/annual_2016_yf42a/crunchbase_annual_2016.pdf?utm_source=autopilot&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=YIR2016&utm_content=YIR
http://static.crunchbase.com/reports/annual_2016_yf42a/crunchbase_annual_2016.pdf?utm_source=autopilot&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=YIR2016&utm_content=YIR


White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
11

The Eristica 
cryptocurrency

Purpose and characterization
The main mission of the Eristica project is to create a full-fledged crypto-economy in 
the digital entertainment space where tokens are the main tool for all interactions 
within the digital ecosystem. Eristica intends to use crypto to make the 
democratization of challenges economy, including creation, participation and rewards 
for challenges more efficient, fair and affordable.

Eristica utility tokens14 (ticker: ERT) will enable users to participate in bets even with 
celebrities, get rewards for winning challenges and successful predictions. And also 
buy access to platform services.

ERC2015 standard tokens will be issued on the basis of the Ethereum16 blockchain. 
Eristica choosed Ethereum as the most technologically advanced blockchain for smart 
contracts development. As a matter of fact, the Eristica token will be a cryptocurrency 
with limited issuance, stable to inflation. The token can be divided into fractions. 
Besides, it is interchangeable and transferable.

Building fundamental value
Estimates and predictions of Eristica are based on Metcalfe’s17 law, which states that: 
“The utility of the network is proportional to the square of the number of users of this 
network ≈n2.”

1.2 million users of the platform will add value to Eristica tokens. Moreover, the 
constant exponential growth already seen plus the pre-installation of the application 
on new smartphones will certainly contribute to the further growth of the user base 
and, consequently, the increase in the value of the token.

The increasing number of users has an impact on the amount of Challenges 
undertaken on the platform. Given that Eristica incentivises users to be active on the 
platform, this, in turn, will increase the demand for Eristica tokens. 

According to our statistics, one user creates 2 Challenges on average. Since the tokens 
supply is limited and tokens are used for a prize fund and for commission fee 
payments, its value is expected to increase.

  

14 https://medium.com/startup-grind/understanding-the-difference-between-coins-utility-tokens-and-tokenized-securities-a6522655fb91
15 https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC20_Token_Standard
16 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethereum
17 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metcalfe%27s_law

https://medium.com/startup-grind/understanding-the-difference-between-coins-utility-tokens-and-tokenized-securities-a6522655fb91
https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC20_Token_Standard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethereum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metcalfe%27s_law


White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
12

Integration with third-party services and engaging partners in the project will also 
contribute to the growth of the project ecosystem, and thereby, make the platform 
even more attractive to users.

Ethereum settlement layer 
Users who want to transfer or withdraw their tokens from the platform can do this by 
interacting with the Ethereum network. With the help of any wallet supporting ERC 20 
standard, it will be possible to route Eristica tokens out of the platform.

The current capacity of Ethereum is approximately 15 transactions per second18. This 
is not enough for all increasing network demands. Occasionally, the Ethereum network 
undergoes overloads and long delays in transactions.

In the context of a comfortable user experience, it is undesirable to use an on-chain 
solution within the Eristica system. That’s why a hybrid off-chain solution to the 
Ethereum scalability problem will be created for operations inside the system.

This will enable an earlier version of the system to perform instant transactions 
without fees, wrap in complex functions and data, as well as provide a unified API to 
all partners engaged in digital services within the platform. Technical Paper covering 
those issues is coming up soon.

With the development of Ethereum blockchain technologies and the introduction of 
solutions that increase the network capacity then transferring these functions to a 
completely decentralized medium will become possible.

  

18 https://www.coindesk.com/information/will-ethereum-scale/ 

https://www.coindesk.com/information/will-ethereum-scale/


White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
13

Digital economy

Wallet
The wallet is a basic and an on-demand service 
for the use of cryptocurrency, which will be 
implemented in every account on the platform. 
The wallet features will allow users to transfer, 
withdraw and receive tokens. The intuitive 
interface shows the transaction history made 
through Challenges. 

Integration of the wallet in the accounts of more 
than 1,200,000 users of Eristica is expected to 
make it one of the mass mobile cryptocurrency 
wallets in the world. Wallet API will be chosen 
from well-known 3d party developers based on 
various criteria, such as: security, functionality, 
scalability and supported currencies. 

Cryptocurrency has been known to be quite 
complex and one of the Eristica goals is to 
simplify the experience for the mass user.

This is an ambitious goal that drives the Eristica 
project keeping in mind that the audience of the 
project comprises of active millennials and 
teenagers who are the future users of 
cryptocurrencies and services based on the 
blockchain.

The Eristica crypto-wallet is thus first step in 
acquaintance with the new world of blockchain 
for the audience of the project.

  

   Example of the future Eristica wallet. Options: 
transfer, withdraw, transaction history and 
recommendations based on the previous 
actions.



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
14

Eristica Game API
Initially, Game API was intended to be an experiment based on observations and 
analysis of the actions of the platform’s gaming audience. Gamers made challenges 
concerning the one who would score more points or who would complete the level 
with the best result. Interest in such bets began after the emergence of popular game, 
Flappy Bird.

The problem was the fact that the Eristica services weren’t integrated into this games, 
so the gamers had to send screenshots as evidence in their challenges. Game 
developers noted positives of these challenges in terms of increasing the average 
duration of the gaming session, as well as in the viral effect, where users went on to 
recommend the game to their friends.

On this basis, Eristica started working on a Game API. This is a simple and easy-to-use 
software interface will make it possible to integrate Eristica services into games on 
various platforms. Gamers can win Eristica tokens in challenges with friends and spend 
them on in-game purchases inside the game right after that. Circulation of tokens will 
run through both the Eristica platform itself and the partner applications with 
economic links, thus, forming a strong and lively ecosystem.

First of all, Eristica will look at creating an SDK for the most popular game 
development platforms, such as Unity3D Engine19 and Unreal Engine20. The SDK will 
allow building of a wallet and services both in the existing and in the future games 
developed on these platforms. The development will be available on Github in the 
open-source format. Full deployment is expected in Q3 2018.

19 https://unity3d.com/
20 https://www.unrealengine.com

https://unity3d.com/
https://www.unrealengine.com


White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
15

Visualisation

   Principal algorithm for Challenge creation 
using a smart contract.

DareDevil
#1

DareDevil
#2

Wallet#1

Wallet#2

Blockchain

Smart Contract

API

This contract freezes 
users money on their 
wallets.

2 users undertake 
a challenge with 
ERT (or other 
cryptocurrency)  
as a stake (prize)

A smart contract 
which has all 
the information 
and statuses of 
the challenge is 
created.

When challenge is proved 
or completed, a smart 
contract is activated and 
automatically transfers the 
money to winning user.

Challenge1 2

3

4



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
16

Example use case:          
challenges and predictions

Eristica services enable users to challenge each 
other and further development of these services 
will enable the audience to create customized 
groups that will be challenged.

It will be possible to create mass challenges that 
coincide with special dates or time of day. By 
combining offline and online competition into 
one smart contract, users will receive the full 
range of tools to create any bet or challenge.

Eristica tokens will become universal cash for 
creating challenges, prize funds and rewards for 
the winners. The Eristica project will charge a 
3% fee from each bet. The fee will be paid in 
ERT tokens.

The tokens received in the form of fees will be 
brought to the project pool, where they can be 
repurchased by users through the personal 
account. Thus, the community of the project will 
have the opportunity to buy tokens, without the 
need for delving into third-party exchanges.

  

   An example of a screen with challenge 
creation. Option: choosing a specific opponent, 
stake, dead-line and challenge condition.



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
17

Example use case:   
decentralized governance

Decentralized voting will make it possible to 
find out the community’s opinion on all 
important issues transparently and quickly, as 
well as select representatives of user groups 
and resolve disputable situations.

The request for voting will be sent to the user’s 
feed. And, depending on the importance of the 
subject, it will encourage the user to make a 
choice. When voting on important issues, users 
will receive tokens as a reward for participation.

The anonymity of voting will help avoid the 
pressure of the majority. The transparency of the 
calculation will guarantee a fair result. A smart 
content filter will remove voting that isn’t 
relevant to the user without padding the user 
with queries.

With the help of decentralized voting, users will 
be able to have an influence on solving 
disputable situations when determining winners 
in a challenge. In case of disputable situations, a 
video with the challenge will be sent to the 
users’ feed, where everyone can vote whether a 
challenge was completed or not.

On the Eristica platform, videos are one of the main sources of proving that the 
challenge was complete. With the introduction of blockchain technology, the 
authenticity of the video shot on the smartphone will be guaranteed. The hash21 of the 
video along with the timestamp will be kept in the blockchain, where everyone will be 
able to check out the authenticity and timing of the video recording. Thus, the 
community will be assured of the evidence presented.

   Example of voting request in user’s feed. 
Whether the evidence provided by the 
proof-video is enough for winning the 
Challenge?

21 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hash_function

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hash_function


White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
18

Example use case:                         
top bloggers challenges

Challenges to star bloggers have become a new 
popular trend on YouTube. Often the bloggers 
themselves encourage viewers to challenge them.

Eristica provides a ready-made and reliable 
platform, where bloggers can create challenges for 
their subscribers and accept challenges of other 
bloggers.

ERT tokens will provide the opportunity to 
monetize the event at a new level. The fee 
received from the event will motivate bloggers to 
engage their audience in participation in the event. 
Also, rewarding the winners with Eristica tokens 
will spark interests from the viewers.

  

   Example of a Star Blogger account screen. 
Options: the current and finished challenges, 
achievements, etc.

Example use case:                   
brand challenges

Well-known brands will be able to interact with the 
community in a new way. It means that by creating 
their own challenges and rewarding participants 
with Eristica tokens, brands will be able to work 
with the audience at a new level.

The recent success of the Burger King22 offer (they 
gave tokens as a reward to all buyers) showed the 
real potential in a new kind of interaction based on 
the tokenization of the economy.

  

   An example of a Popular Brand Challenge. 
The player must eat 5 burgers at a time to 
receive the 350 ERT reward.

22 http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-41082388

http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-41082388


White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
19

Eristica Challenge 
Foundation

Development goals  
The blockchain industry is based on the digital promotion of economic agents. 
Whether it’s a reward to a miner for the found Bitcoin block23 or encouraging authors 
inside the decentralized Steemit24 blog platform, it all creates a powerful engagement 
mechanism.

Using the experience of the industry, the Eristica project will create its own Challenge 
foundation aimed at the promotion, adaptation, and growth of the platform ecosystem.

The rewarding mechanism promoted by the foundation will become a natural 
incentive for digital service providers to join the Eristica ecosystem. The network effect 
of Eristica will grow with each new partner joining the system. Thus, the value of the 
ecosystem for users and network partners will increase.

This is why Eristica is using the experience of the industry and creating its own 
Challenge foundation aimed at the promotion, adaptation, and growth of the platform 
ecosystem. In addition to providing general ethics, the legitimacy of content and 
transactions, the ecosystem won’t impose unnecessary restrictions, which should 
create an attractive image of the platform.

Financing and activities
10% of all the issued tokens will be reserved for activities of Challenge Foundation. In 
the future, some of the tokens received from the fees will be re-invested in Challenge 
Foundation as well. Thus, Foundation will have its own source of funding.

The activities of Foundation will be aimed at periodic distribution to reward active 
users, opinion leaders, well-known bloggers, and of course, third-party developers 
providing additional services within the ecosystem. The amount of remuneration will 
be proportional to the contribution to the economy of the project. At the same time, 
the payment will gradually decrease as the total value of the currency grows.

Challenge Foundation will ensure an equitable distribution of rewards using an 
impersonal, result-oriented methodology based on a formula with the following 
variables such as: user's activity, time spent on the platform, retention, number of 
challenges, upvotes, video uploads, referrals and many more factors.

  

23 http://www.bitcoinblockhalf.com/
24 https://steem.io/getinvolved/posting-rewards/

http://www.bitcoinblockhalf.com/
https://steem.io/getinvolved/posting-rewards/


White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
20

Eristica token issuance
Brief summary

  

Eristica Utility tokens Fundraising limits

Eristica token belongs to Utility token class, 
and it isn’t regulated by SEC
(Estimation as regards to Howey test = 19)

Hard cap: $10.000.000

ICO start dates ICO closing dates

Pre-sale of tokens — September 1, 2017

Main ICO start — December 7, 2017                                       

ICO closing — February 7, 2018

Duration of ICO Terms of ICO termination

Pre-sale stage:  45 days

Main sale stage:  62 days

ICO will be closed, subject to fulfillment of 
one of the terms, namely: Hard Cap or ICO 
termination date is reached.

Total number of tokens Additional issue\mining

687.575.392 of ERT tokens will be issued 
under the smart contract at the date of ICO 
start. All the tokens that won’t be sold will 
be burnt after ICO.

Under the terms of the smart contract, 
tokens can’t be additionally issued.

Base price for a token Currencies approved for payment

Please see website for exact price  BTС BTS ETH LTC BCH 



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
21

Token allocations

  

70% of all tokens will be available for 
purchase within the ICO.

10% is reserved for the Eristica team. The 
tokens will be locked in a smart contract with a 
24 month vesting period, and a 6-month cliff.

10% of the tokens will be transferred to 
Challenge Foundation for the development of 
the ecosystem of the platform.

10% will be a reserve for early investors, 
project advisors and bounty program. 



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
22

The total number of tokens is strictly limited by the initial issue. Therefore, a 
deflationary economic model has been created within the framework of the platform. 
It provides an increase in the value of tokens over time.

Tokens paid as fees for using the services of the platform will be kept as the project 
cash reserve. Users will be able to buy tokens from the reserve at a fixed price 
depending on the increasing value of the token.

Purchase of tokens will be available from the user’s personal account. Users can pay 
with bank cards, local payments or cryptocurrency. Thus, a powerful flow of exchange 
of Eristica tokens for classical local money will be created. This will, in turn, support 
the value and circulation of tokens in the crypto-economy of the project.

Project Budget
The fund raised in the course of ICO activity will be fully and completely used for the 
development of the Eristica platform. Depending on the volume of funds raised, a 
specific scheme for the allocation of the fund will be chosen.

Eristica intends to become a pioneer in the field of peer-to-peer challenges using 
smart contract technology and blockchain. The achieved success and the over a 
million strong user base indicates the feasibility of this idea. However, further 
development requires tremendous effort and top draw R&D (Research and 
Development) cycles.

Taking into account the volatility of cryptocurrency rate, up to 40% of the resources of 
the foundation will be hedged using the USD/EUR fiduciary currency, in order to 
ensure full functionality of the project for 18 months.

The figure below presents a budget scenario where the amount of raised funds is 
$5.000.000. For KPIs and more details please see the Roadmap section below.

  



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
23

31% 
Research and Development

23% 
Content Creation

31% 
Marketing

15% 
Other Expenses

Development of the core, 
adoption of blockchain 
technologies and smart 
contracts, creation of new 
services, implementation of the 
voting mechanism and prize 
fund. 

Viral content is one of the advantages 
of the project. That’s why Eristica 
intends to direct some of the funds 
raised to create high-quality content 
and engage talented specialists from 
all over the world. Besides, expenses 
include video production, offline 
events, production of TV shows and 
other activities. 

Expenses for promoting the project 
and expanding the user base. 
Promotion on new markets, local 
partnerships. Visiting conferences and 
issue-related exhibitions.

Payment for servers, legal 
expenses, accountancy, 
operating and other expenses. 



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
24

Cryptocurrency adoption 
among mass audience
The first active users of cryptocurrency were professionals in the field of IT and 
cryptography. Initially, mining of bitcoins wasn’t profitable. It was more like a guiding 
light, a starting point for an acquaintance of all newcomers with new technology.

Vitalik Buterin, the founder of Ethereum, came to the world of blockchain through 
mining. Due to its open architecture, anyone could figure out the code and launch 
his/her own version of the blockchain or create an application using blockchain 
technologies.

The Eristica project considers the promotion of the crypto-economy among young 
people to be one of its main goals. The project is thus looking to bring in millions of 
young users to the crypto world.

The first won tokens will be a new starting point for the future generation of 
crypto-enthusiasts. And you never can tell, some of them may end up being future 
founders of projects like Ethereum!

  

«For the first time I got in touch with the blockchain 
industry six years ago, and my experience was very 
simple. I entered the Internet, earned twenty 
Bitcoins, and then spent eight and a half of them to 
buy a shirt. Now these Bitcoins cost $20 thousand. 
The shirt, unfortunately, was lost somewhere on a 
train in London.»

Vitalik Buterin

       Vitalik Buterin, founder of Ethereum, 
and Nikita Akimov, the founder of Eristica, 
at a conference in Kazan, Russia in 2017.



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
25

Road Map
  

2017

2018

2019

Working product - Eristica app 3.0
1.100.000 million users were registered in the CIS countries and 
100.000 — in the countries of Southeast Asia and India
SOSV investment, MOX accelerator in Taipei and Singapore 
Pre ICO was reached
Eristica awarded as #2 Product of the Day on Product Hunt

Eristica app 4.0 with ERT wallet launch 
Eristica World Challenge Platform concept creation
Eristica WCP 1.0 development
Meetup with Game Publishers
ERT offerings marketplace development

Over 4 500 000 users in Southeast Asia and India in Eristica app 4.0
Eristica app 4.0 launch in the US market

Nominated for Crypto Product of the Year on Product Hunt
Global scale - Eristica app 3.5 Preloads on smartphones in Southeast 
Asia and India
Embedding core smart contracts
Exchange listed
 

Eristica WCP 1.0 release
SDK for Unity and selected game engines 
Integration kit for Game Publishers
Eristica WCP 2.0 development

Eristica WCP 2.0 release
Dashboard for Game Publishers launch
ERT payment framework
Start integration with Game Publishers

Q1

Q2

Q3

Q4



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
26

Conclusion
The Eristica project has been spearheading innovation in the realm of challenges since 
2015 and has already earned the trust of more than a million users. The exponential 
growth of the platform is a clear indicator of the virality of content created by users 
plus the fact that videos with challenges are getting millions of views and encouraging 
new users to participate.

The FunTech industry is on the threshold of a new evolutionary breakthrough. While 
many market participants are still at the stage of comprehension of all those new 
opportunities that will be brought by blockchain and tokenization of the economy, 
Eristica intends to become a pioneer in creating a single platform for offline and 
online challenges. 

The ecosystem of the platform will enable providers, developers, online services and 
community of the project to interact with each other through Eristica utility tokens.

Using an API, third-party game developers will get the opportunity to implement 
Eristica services in their products. Thus, the project will combine both classic offline 
challenges and online eSports competitions. Even a simple mobile game will be easily 
turned into a platform for mass competitions.

Users of the platform will be able to personally participate in online and offline 
challenges, make bets with famous bloggers, receive virtual rewards for successful 
predictions of the results of challenges. Moreover, they will be able to actively interact 
with third-party services and the services of a developed platform ecosystem.

Tokens will become a universal currency approved for payment both within the 
ecosystem and by the partners of the project. The ability to purchase tokens within the 
application will create a stable demand for tokens, which will positively influence the 
liquidity and growth of the value of the token. To increase the liquidity of the token, 
Eristica will work hard on listing tokens at the largest exchanges.

  



White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
27

Founding team
  Nikita Akimov 

CEO

Founder of Eristica. He is an avid entrepreneur and 
marketing guru. He is a graduate of Mobile Only 
Accelerator (MOX) which is the number 1 startup 
accelerator in Asia. Akimov is a winner of the startup 
competition Winter Capital & McKinsey. He is also an 
advocate of decentralization and democratic anonymous 
organizations (DAO).  He is a Graduate of the Department 
of Mathematical Methods for Economic Analysis at Moscow 
State University.

Andrey Sheludchenko 
CTO

He is a blockchain evangelist with extensive experience in 
building networks architecture and cloud solutions for 
enterprise mobile platforms. He is also the Head of Mobile 
Development Department at Wildberries. 

Valentina Ivashchenko 
COO

Serial entrepreneur. She is the founder of “Atelier Kälte” 
online store and a General partner at Corporate Real Estate 
Fund. A Lawyer by occupation, she has extensive 
experiences working with the largest oil corporations in 
Russia. 

Artyom Dalevich
CMO

Serial entrepreneur and professional advisor on the 
management of high technology projects. A Mathematician 
by profession, Dalevich is the founder of Appnow.com 
project, with a current capitalization of $10M. He has also 
been a speaker at international conferences around the 
world.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/akimovnv/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrey-sheludchenko-883b376a/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/valentina-ivashchenko-90485251/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/adalevich/
https://github.com/asheludchenko


Mentors and advisers
  

William Bao Bean 
General Partner at SOSV

William Bao Bean is SOSV’s title partner and managing 
director of China Accelerator, the first startup accelerator in 
China, based in Shanghai. He is a well-known practitioner, 
innovator, and thinker of technological investments in Asia 
and the founder of MOX, SOSV Mobile-Only Accelerator.

Stan Larimer 
Godfather of BitShares

Stan Larimer is a prolific blogger, keynote speaker and 
expert consultant on real-time industrial grade digital 
currencies. He is CEO of Cryptonomex, cofounded with his 
son Dan Larimer, the originator of blockchain technologies 
that currently process over half of all public blockchain 
transactions in the world. These include BitShares, Steemit, 
Peer Plays, Muse, Golos, and next year EOS. 
Stan has used his MSEE degree to teach rocket science at 
the US Air Force Academy and to develop unmanned air, 
ground, sea and space “drones” for 40 years with aerospace 
giants such as Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, 
Boeing, General Dynamics, and SAIC.

White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD

28

Michael Taggart 
Co-founder and President of Cryptonomex

Michael is a Co-Founder & President of Cryptonomex, a 
custom blockchain development company responsible for 
the Graphene blockchain that powers BitShares, Steem, 
EOS, Peer Plays, and other projects.
He is also co-founder Press Advantage and London-based 
Remittio, a digital currency settlement service.

https://cn.linkedin.com/in/williambaobean
https://www.linkedin.com/in/stanleylarimer
https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaelxmarketing


White Paper v1.06 eristica.com for latest version ©2017, ERISTICA® LTD
29

Ryan Shuken 
Serial Entrepreneur

Serial entrepreneur. Partner at MOX and China Accelerator, 
where he supervises the development of MOX-ecosystem 
for startups, investors, mentors, and partners. He is a 
specialist in exponential growth and creator of the number 
1 startup podcast in China.

28

Hayk Hakobyan 
Founder of TinyCarrier Singapore

Hayk is a business expert (in product, strategy, innovation, 
gamification, AI), advisor (TheZimbabwean, Jornal a 
Verdade, Mountain Ram Adventures), speaker (TEDxAUC, 
TheChaosAsia, Markedu), mentor (SOSV), and blockchain 
enthusiast. He worked with and consulted for SMEs and 
MNCs in Europe, Africa, and Asia.

Evgeny Tchebotarev 
Founder 500px

First time entrepreneur who founded 500px, a photo 
marketplace for millions of photographers. 
Evgeny is on the new quest to: 1) Dramatically improve 
education through software 2) Help startups bridge gap 
between Asia & the West. 

Bitbollo 
Member of Bitcoin Foundation Italia

Bitbollo is a professional сonsultant / Italian ambassador and 
member of Bitcoin Foundation Italia. He has a Legendary 
green trust account on the most famous bitcoin 
forum — https://bitcointalk.org/ 

https://cn.linkedin.com/in/rshuken
https://sg.linkedin.com/in/haykhakobyan
https://www.linkedin.com/in/tchebo/
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=364070




Follow us

  

http://facebook.com/eristica
http://blog.eristica.com
https://t.me/EristicaChat
http://twitter.com/eristicaapp
http://eristica.com

