













































i

EXPERTY.IO
Blockchain Based Human Knowledge Exchange
www.experty.io

LasT uPdaTE: 
January 15th, 2018

PEER REvIEw bY: 

Pawel bylica
Software Architect at Ethereum Foundation and Golem Factory

CREaTEd bY:

The experTy Team

https://www.experty.io


experty.io i i

AbstrAct

InfORmaTIOn is exchanged for money daily 
throughout the world, but the current tools to do 
so are cumbersome, costly, and inefficient. 

Knowledge seeKers and Knowledge providers don’t have adequate incentives to share personal contact information 
with each other, because neither can be guaranteed that the other will 
follow through with the exchange. to solve this, a third party organizer 
is often brought in, but these services take a large cut of the profit, 
resulting in a knowledge seeker being charged more, or a knowledge 
provider walking away with less. to get around this, many knowledge 
providers will ask for payment in advance, but this demands trust from 
the knowledge seeker’s end. there is currently no efficient application 
on the market to solve this problem.

Blockchain technology has opened up the possibility for borderless 
peer to peer transactions. this means that the exchange of information 
for money can be made on a global scale without a costly intermediary. 
experty, our cutting edge application, is designed to connect 
knowledge providers and knowledge seekers anywhere in the world 
using blockchain technology. payments are automated through our 
operations contract (oC), allowing voice and video calls to be monetized 
without a lengthy setup or upfront payment. Knowledge providers can 
advertise their services through a direct call link or Qr code, which can 
be placed on any social media platform. a knowledge provider simply 
sets their rate per minute, and when the call is complete, the oC settles 
the charges based on the predetermined rate. Knowledge seekers will 
only be charged for the length of the call.

we believe experty will save countless man hours due to its ability to 
increase efficiency and accessibility to the exchange of knowledge 
worldwide. our solution will help level the playing field, especially for 
those without access to the traditional banking systems.



experty.io i i i

COnTEnTs

1 value Proposition 1
1.1 introduction ..........................................................................................................2
1.2 Motivation Behind the experty platform ..........................................2

2 Project description 3
2.1 technical overview ..........................................................................................4
2.2 Core Features .......................................................................................................5
2.3 User Flow ................................................................................................................6
2.4 possible Use Cases ...........................................................................................7
2.5 Company example ...........................................................................................9
2.6 why Blockchain? ...............................................................................................9

3 smart Contract architecture 11
3.1 on-Chain and off-Chain processes .................................................... 12
3.2 potential ethereum Bottleneck ............................................................ 14

4 business strategy 15
4.1 Market definition ............................................................................................ 16
4.2 third party platform integration .......................................................... 16

5 software 18
5.1 Current Minimum viable product showcase .............................. 19
5.2 Mobile application ........................................................................................ 23
5.3 web application ............................................................................................. 23
5.4 Full roadmap ................................................................................................... 25
5.5 token economics  .......................................................................................... 25
5.6 premium Memberships and Features .............................................. 25
5.7 token generation event (tge) distribution summary .......... 26

6 use of Proceeds summary  27
6.1 the allocation summary........................................................................... 28
6.2 software development: 40% .................................................................. 28
6.3 legal and administrative Costs: 5% .................................................. 29
6.4 Marketing and sales: 40% ........................................................................ 29
6.5 long term research team: 15%.......................................................... 29

7 The Experty Team 31



experty.io 1

1 VAlue ProPosition

we have developed a BloCKChain-Based Calling platform that allows two or more parties to connect via 
video or audio call. within the application, a knowledge provider 
can set their rate per minute, which is paid by the knowledge 
seeker when they call. this exchange is settled seamlessly through 
the Blockchain using an ethereum smart contract coupled with 
off-chain software. experty adds value to the consulting industry 
through simplifying the exchange of knowledge for currency.

Knowledge Provider. Can share his or her direct call link 
without fear of receiving fraud and/or marketing calls. they 
can also display their availability schedule.

Knowledge seeker. saves time and money by contacting 
wanted person directly, and paying only for actual call time.

Third Party services. gain another path to monetize their 
existing client base.



ExpErty.io

VAluE propoSition

2

1.1 introduction

as a consulting team, we have found a technological 
need for a payment service able to process ad 
hoc conversations and consultations. Currently, in 
order to provide or receive online consultations, 
there are three settlement possibilities. each of 
them has their own associated problems:

1. Charge and Cost Confusion. a user 
can pay a provider up front for a 
consultation, but the exact amount 
required is not known because the 
provider may be charging by the 
minute or by the hour. in addition, the 
user and provider may not know the 
total duration of the conversation at 
the time that payment is discussed. 

2. Trust. a provider can also use a post-
consultation billing system, which 
requires the provider to trust that the 
knowledge seeker will pay for the 
service after finishing the call.

3. Payment friction. a provider can also 
rely on external services or third party 
intermediaries. in these cases, money 
transfers are highly regulated events 
that create a large barrier to entry, 
even for globally-recognized brands.    

we see an opportunity to connect our dedicated 
software with blockchain technology. our goal 
is to make experty fully decentralized, thus 
preventing ddos attacks from taking the platform 
down entirely. experty will have the ability to 
operate globally, without interruption, at any time 

of day. instead of building a single consultation 
marketplace, we have created a protocol allowing 
users to share their paid call links or Qr codes 
whenever they want, including but not limited 
to: websites, blogs, and social network profiles or 
portals.  

1.2 MotiVAtion behind the 
exPerty PlAtforM

thanks to the invention of Blockchain technology, 
it is now viable to make micro-transactions 
worldwide. anyone, regardless of location, can 
send a small amount of value to anyone else in 
the world. we live in a knowledge-based economy. 
we should be able to exchange knowledge in the 
same way.

Combining micro knowledge exchanges and 
blockchain micro payments makes this feasible 
on a worldwide scale. Currently, there are no 
available tools to easily handle this process. 
experty offers the best tools to solve this problem 
for both “knowledge providers” and “knowledge 
seekers”. 

ExpErty.io



experty.io 3

2 Project descriPtion

the Main pUrpose oF the projeCt is to oFFer an avenue to connect two or more people so that they may 
conduct a paid knowledge exchange via online voice or video call. 
in this document we identify the participants as knowledge seeker 
and knowledge provider. however, experty’s possible use cases 
are wider than just knowledge exchange. it can include calls with 
celebrities for charity actions or one-on-one private video chats.

the experty platform consists of applications available for mobile, 
web, and desktop. Users are also able to send free text messages 
between each other in order to discuss the terms further if 
needed. text messaging can also be disabled by the provider if 
they so choose. voice or video calls are always paid, charging by 
the providers predetermined rate.



ExpErty.io

proJEct DEScription

4

2.1 technicAl oVerView

the current platform is being built using react 
and react-native. this allows us to shorten the 
go-to-market process and implement additional 
features from the roadmap, while still keeping the 
native application experience and performance.

all ethereum smart contract interactions will be 
triggered by the recipient of the call, since it is 
in his or her interest to register for payment. the 
caller must first provide enough funds allowing 
for at least 30 seconds of the call in order to 
initiate the conversation.

during initialization of the call, the recipient 
sends the exact conditions of the exchange to 
the caller, including the recipient’s minute rate, 
call identification, and the ethereum addresses 
of both parties. the on-chain transactions occur 
through our ethereum smart contract, known as 
the operations contract (oC). 

after verifying that these conditions match as 
intended by the caller’s application, the caller signs 
the action with his or her private key and sends 
back signed proof to the recipient. the recipient 
then uses the signed proof of initialization to 
trigger the start_call function on oC. in doing so, 
this makes the funds unusable elsewhere, thus 
preventing: double spends, withdraw of funds 
during the call, or trying to trigger another call.

the process happens automatically in the 
background of the application after the call is 
answered. this occurs in a matter of milliseconds 
during an initiating ‘handshake,’ so it’s not 
noticeable for participants.

during the first few seconds of the call, the 
recipient’s application checks if the call 
was registered on the Blockchain and if the 
participants, provider and user, are matching. the 
application does not allow for triggering another 

call when one is in progress, however, if abuse 
does occur, the information is sent to our team 
and the abuser’s funds get blocked until the 
situation is resolved.

as long as the call is in progress, the recipient’s 
application gets signed and confirms the call 
length from the caller at every second through 
an off-chain unidirectional payment channel. 
such confirmation contains the information 
about both participants, call identification, call 
length, and timestamps. this information is used 
by the recipient to trigger the end_call function 
after finishing the call. immediately after, funds 
are transferred from the caller’s address to the 
recipient’s address. this also unlocks the caller’s 
ability to withdraw his or her remaining funds or 
trigger additional calls. 

only one signed confirmation on the oC is 
needed at the end of every call action. interaction 
between the oC and the off-chain unidirectional 
payment channel means that charges occur only 
during an active connection. this prevents charges 
from occurring due to a disconnected internet 
connection as well as preventing potential scam 
usage where the caller blocks signed confirmation 
at the end of the call.

withdrawal of funds from the oC will always be 
delayed, 10 blocks by default. this removes the 
possibility to withdraw these funds before the off-
chain processes are completed. the number of 
confirmations to delay payment stored within the 
contract vary, and can be modified in the future 
to follow platform changes.

More description of the contract, with all functions, 
is provided in the Contract architecture chapter 
of this document.



ExpErty.io

proJEct DEScription

5

2.2 core feAtures

the experty platform is based on an ethereum network contract which acts as the back-end for the 
service. the website and applications store the information about the usage history of all users.

 ◊ webRTC Protocol. audio and video communication within the application uses the webrtC 
protocol. this protocol is used in apps like whatsapp or google hangouts to  ensure peer 
to peer data encryption and provides robustness proven by millions of users using the 
technology already.

 ◊ fully decentralized Call Links. our goal is to allow experts to share their paid call link 
whenever and wherever they want. this avoids relying on experty to create a marketplace for 
them. Knowledge providers can use networks where they are already known and considered 
trusted experts, such as message boards, social media, blogs, etc.

 ◊ Instant Payments. the payments will occur on the ethereum blockchain after the call based 
on a pay-per-minute rate. the oC will provide the security of a payment settlement system. 
a caller without sufficient funds to complete at least 30 seconds of a call will not be able to 
trigger a call. if a caller’s funds are running low, they will be notified in advance and will be 
disconnected when funds fall below the per minute rate.

 ◊ Cross Platform Calling application. the first version of experty will have dedicated calling 
applications for most platforms, including ios, android, and windows. we also plan to 
integrate experty with third party video calling applications so that potential users will be 
able to use the application of their choice.

 ◊ availability schedule. Knowledge providers are able to set their availability time, so they can 
easily prevent all calls outside a given timeframe. 

 ◊ Ethereum wallet. the provided applications will have a built-in ethereum wallet for 
managing funds.



ExpErty.io

proJEct DEScription

6

2.3 user flow

1. a knowledge provide sets his/her rate in 
Us dollars (for example, $5 per minute)

2. an advice seeker is aware of the main 
pricing in Usd before he/she decides to 
make a call

3. the experty app calculates the amount 
of eXY tokens required per minute 
based on the Usd/eXY conversion rate 
on the secondary market

4. the advice seeker tops off his/her 
account by using one of the available 
methods (Usd, BtC etc.)

5. the advice seeker starts the call

6. a value for knowledge exchange occurs 
based on experts conversion rate. 

7. during the call expert’s app is gathering 
confirmations signed by advice seeker’s 
prive-key in his app.

8. after the call expert’s app is 
automatically making an operation on 
smart contract to move the funds from 
advise seeker to expert’s wallet using 
gathered signed confirmation.



ExpErty.io

proJEct DEScription

7

Future versions of experty will include more 
advanced payment types, such as a variable 
rate for longer calls, or different suggested 
rates for different types of knowledge providers. 
the available modifiable options a knowledge 
provider has will be updated based on continual 
user feedback.

we believe this unlocks new opportunities for 
knowledge monetization because there are 
currently no incentives to share a direct phone 
number with strangers. influencers, who would 
otherwise have many potential customers or 
callers, have no other way to quickly incentivize 
their time.  

2.4 Possible use cAses

the most likely use cases for experty will occur for 
professionals who are well known or casual users 
with a niche following. professional users may 
include lawyers, medical providers, programmers, 
professors, business advisors, etc.; and casual users 
may include bloggers or Youtubers, celebrities 
and influencers, webcam models, and charitable 
causes. 

1. Lawyers. Frequently, one needs quick 
ad-hoc knowledge from a lawyer. 
the most common method today is 
through an in-person consultation 
to avoid the payment settlement 
problem, even when it may be easier to 
complete this over the phone. 

2. medical Consultants. similar to 
lawyers, there are instances when 
phone conversations are perfectly 
suitable for provider and patient. with 
concierge medicine and telemedicine 
on the rise, doctors and patients are 
now regularly participating in everyday 
checkups or consultations through the 

internet. these services are also crucial 
for those in rural and/or underserved 
areas, especially those who suffer from 
chronic illnesses requiring frequent 
doctor visits.

3. Programmers. Most of the people from 
our team are programmers themselves. 
we are frequently called upon as 
consultants. when working in a large 
company, there are usually multiple 
colleagues available for feedback. this 
is not the case when doing freelance 
work. there are discussion boards 
and web chats to pose questions, but 
no financial incentive to provide an 
answer, leaving many waiting for a 
reply.

4. business advisors. short consultations 
with successful business professionals 
can become a critical pivot point for 
many companies on all levels.

5. Professors. Massive open online 
courses (MooCs) are becoming 
increasingly popular. professors or 
distributors may have limited time 
and availability to answer questions 
that arise. experty will help triage and 
prioritize their time.

6. Language Learning. listening to 
foreign languages when learning is as 
important as attempting to speak the 
language yourself.  with experty, you 
can call anyone in the world and have 
a live conservation in any language 
when native speakers are available.

7. webcam Chats. paid one-on-one 
video-chats with camera models 
are popular services that currently 
require an intermediary for payment 



ExpErty.io

proJEct DEScription

8

settlement. the user must also provide 
credit card information to a third 
party company. the models’ network 
also takes a percentage of the profits. 
experty would allow discreet, secure, 
and direct payment from user to 
provider. 

8. bloggers & YouTubers. Both groups 
have large audiences wanting to 
contact them directly. due to time 
restrictions, direct contact usually 
occurs through comment replies or live 
streams. integrating with our platform 
will allow these individuals to provide 
additional monetization of their 
audience group by charging for private 
calls.

9. Celebrities & Influencers. similar to 
bloggers and Youtubers, celebrities 
and influencers often have time 
constraints preventing them from 
contacting their audience directly. 
experty allows for monetization of this 
direct contact with their audience.

10. Charity donations. Celebrities or well-
known individuals frequently give their 
time for charity. experty would allow 
for increased transparency of funds 
through the Blockchain and a decrease 
in costs or fees taken by intermediaries.



ExpErty.io

proJEct DEScription

9

2.5 coMPAny exAMPle

1. jack (a user) needs immediate support from a company he purchased a product from

2. he navigates to the product support section of the company’s website 

3. he finds a regular support and a premium support option 

4. he chooses to use the premium support

5. this directs him to the company’s experty premium support profile

6. he doesn’t have any experty tokens to use the application

7. he pays for experty tokens using his credit card (such as visa)

8. experty tokens are delivered to his light wallet

9. jack calls the premium support line, sending experty tokens to the company’s support line 
every minute as dictated by the predefined rate.

2.6 why blockchAin?

Blockchains, by nature, have several properties that make them attractive for our platform. these 
properties are essential to the success of this project. thanks to Blockchain technology, we are able to 
achieve the following:

 ◊ Payment settlement. thanks to smart contracts, we are able to alleviate a large problem: 
when and how the payment should be settled. with experty, the payment is made during 
the calls. participants can disconnect whenever they want and the payment is made only 
for the recorded time. the contract decides whether or not the caller has enough funds, and 
makes sure that the funds are transferred to the recipient when the call is completed.

 ◊ Legal simplification. holding customers’ money falls into the legal purview of several 
regulations and regulatory agencies. Using cryptocurrency simplifies this drastically since the 
funds are transferred directly between the parties involved. any funds sent or received in the 
experty platform can be withdrawn by users at any time through the ethereum wallet.



ExpErty.io

proJEct DEScription

10

 ◊ Instant Payments. ethereum payments are realized within seconds. Knowledge providers 
don’t need to worry about these payments being locked in processing for weeks on end, or 
payments being denied through chargebacks.

 ◊ Third Party service Transparency. our marketing strategy highly relies on external services 
which already have thousands of users in their database or network. Blockchain transparency 
allows for tracking calls triggered from their websites without worrying about a substantial 
usage and clearing cost or denial of payment by a service provider. 



experty.io 11

3 sMArt contrAct Architecture

BY design, oUr oC and oFF-Chain proCesses are perfectly able to cover any type of unit of money per time 
exchange. although experty is purely about information exchange, 
we see many more potential use cases of the contract itself.

the oC architecture provides a way to utilize signed off-chain 
transactions done through experty. due to the possible inefficiency 
of registering calls directly on the Blockchain, the recipient uses 
a signed confirmation of the call to lock the caller’s funds on the 
contract until the call finishes.

during the call, the recipient receives additional confirmation from 
the caller each second. after finishing the call, he or she uses the 
most recent confirmation in order to transfer the funds to their 
balance and unlock the remaining caller’s funds.



ExpErty.io

SmArt contrAct ArcHitEcturE

12

3.1 on-chAin And off-chAin Processes

on-chain operations contract Processes:

 ◊ start call
 ◊ locks caller withdrawals
 ◊ locks caller calls

 ◊ End call
 ◊ verifies signed confirmation
 ◊ settles payment
 ◊ Unlocks caller

 ◊ deposit
 ◊ stores funds on the oC in order to be used for further calls or to be withdrawn later

 ◊ withdraw:
 ◊ delayed by 10 blocks
 ◊ allows for withdrawing funds from contract by address holder

 ◊ Lock check:
 ◊ after initializing a call, which is confirmed on-chain through the oC, the recipient needs 

to check if the called is locked on the current call to prevent abuse and misuse. 

off-chain Processes:

 ◊ Call_conditions:
 ◊ rate
 ◊ Call identification
 ◊ start timestamp
 ◊ addresses

 ◊ Confirmation:
 ◊ rate
 ◊ Call identification
 ◊ start timestamp
 ◊ Confirmation timestamp
 ◊ addresses

 ◊ signing
 ◊ the caller signs both call_conditions and conformations with his or her private key. the 

oC and recipient verify if the data is valid. once the signed confirmation is received, the 
recipient starts the call and the caller’s funds are locked.  



ExpErty.io

SmArt contrAct ArcHitEcturE

13



ExpErty.io

SmArt contrAct ArcHitEcturE

14

3.2 PotentiAl ethereuM bottleneck

the ethereum network (en), in its current state, is not able to process many frequent 
transactions and most likely would be bottlenecked using the current architecture at 
scale. the solution to this problem is implementing a type of lightning network (ln) 
or raiden-like network instead of directly messaging the en. in this case, the ln can 
be used as a middle layer between recipient and the oC.

Communication schema would change from:

1. [ Caller ] < --- > [ Recipient ] < --- > [ En ] 

into: 

2. [ Caller ] < --- > [ Recipient ] < --- >  [ Off-CHaIn / Ln / Raiden-like ] < --- > [ En ] 

the ethereum team is currently working on moving from proof of work to proof of 
stake, which may fix the efficiency issues far sooner than it would become a problem 
for our platform. the ln or raiden-like network itself is not a part of our project in its 
current state. however, the architecture by design is built to allow the possibility of 
ln-type architecture if needed.



experty.io 15

4 business strAtegy

DEcEntrAlizED plAtForm 
vERsus
SinGlE mArKEtplAcE

the ClassiC approaCh is to Create and BUild a marketplace - a service for advisors to connect and provide 
information and knowledge seekers to search for those provides. 

instead, in our approach, we are creating a totally decentralized 
solution. Users will be able to share their calling links on any 
existing platform. Knowledge providers can use the link where 
they are popular or a known influencer, such as question and 
answer discussion boards like Quora, or social media portals such 
as twitter, Facebook, and instagram. 



ExpErty.io

BuSinESS StrAtEGy

16

4.1 MArket 
definition

 ◊ Consulting industry 
market - $125 Billion

 ◊ digital consulting 
industry market - $23 
Billion

 ◊ biggest markets - Usa, 
UK, germany

 ◊ biggest consultations 
sectors - technology, 
strategy, human 
resources

4.2 third PArty PlAtforM 
integrAtion

a decentralized solution means the possibility of 
integrating into a variety of third party services, 
already containing large user bases, which can 
allow creators or influencers to make additional 
profit using our platform. this strategy is a lean 
and efficient go-to-market strategy since we will 
not need to reach out to individuals one-by-one 
to create the desired network effect. instead, we 
can rely on an existing established user base. 
experty allows anyone to quickly and immediately 
monetize their time or content beyond what they 
were initially capable of. this is efficient for both 
the provider and the receiver. 



experty.io 17

5 softwAre

in order to eMpiriCallY test the User eXperienCe and gather feedback on the platform, we built a proof-of-concept, 
prototype version of the application. the current platform does 
not contain the full set of features that will be included in the 
production version of the mobile software. however, the prototype 
allows us to test the concept and be sure the smart contracts are 
working as intended. 

5.1 APPlicAtion security

the application is going to have rating system built in. after a 
call both participants are able to rate each other and give them a 
comment, which is visible within their profiles later on.

another feature to protect callers from abuse by advice providers 
is refund policy (not visible in mockups on next section). each 
advice provider will be able to set the maximum refund time 
(for example 1 minute). if the call lasted less time than specified 
limit advice seeker will be able to get refund after the call and 
knowledge provider will not get paid. this allows legit experts to 
assure potential clients about their skills, while still not limiting 
anyone on the decission process.



ExpErty.io

SoFtwArE

18

5.2 current MiniMuM ViAble Product showcAse

 splash screen

 Contact list - 3d touch 
options on contact

 Contacts list

 Contacts details

 Contact list - scrolled

 Contact details (scrolled)



ExpErty.io

SoFtwArE

19

 voice - call initialization - 
knowledge seeker perspective

 video Calling

 voice - call with knowledge 
provider - knowledge seeker 
perspective

 video Call view

 Call Completion - 
knowledge seeker perspective

 initial Call



ExpErty.io

SoFtwArE

20

 during Call - knowledge 
provider perspective

 video Calling

 Call completion - 
knowledge provider 
perspective

 during video Call



ExpErty.io

SoFtwArE

21

 profile settings view  edit profile view



ExpErty.io

SoFtwArE

22

5.3 Mobile APPlicAtion

the mobile application is the core of our platform. 
anyone with a smartphone will be able to initiate 
or receive/accept incoming calls. the experience 
will be very similar to existing mobile voip 
applications.

as the main pillar of the platform, the development 
of the mobile application has taken precedence. 
Currently, a functional prototype is able to make a 
call and settle the payment between participants 
based on the consultant’s rate.

the final version of the mobile application will 
have the following core features:

 ◊ Knowledge Provider:
 ◊ ability to set your charge rate per 

minute
 ◊ ability to receive notification of 

consultation request 
 ◊ ability to text message with a 

potential knowledge seeker for 
logistics such as scheduling and 
availability

 ◊ Knowledge seeker:
 ◊ ability to top off your experty 

account balance with ethereum
 ◊ ability to initiate a consultation call 

via username handle
 ◊ ability to initiate a consultation call 

via scanning a Qr code from a web 
profile

 ◊ ability to text message a potential 
knowledge provider for logistics 
such as scheduling and availability

 ◊ both:
 ◊ Change account settings
 ◊ register new account
 ◊ withdraw ethereum balance

5.4 web APPlicAtion

the initial version of the web application will be 
used mainly as a funds management platform, as 
well as a portal for users to update their account. 

 ◊ Knowledge Provider:
 ◊ ability to set rate per minute
 ◊ ability to message a potential 

knowledge seeker for logistics such 
as scheduling and availability

 ◊ Knowledge seeker:
 ◊ ability to top off your experty 

account balance with ethereum
 ◊ ability to initiate a consultation call 

directly via experty web profile
 ◊ ability to message a potential 

knowledge provider for logistics 
such as scheduling and availability

 ◊ both:
 ◊ Change account settings
 ◊ register new account
 ◊ withdraw ethereum balance



ExpErty.io

SoFtwArE

23



ExpErty.io

BuSinESS StrAtEGy

24



ExpErty.io 25

SoFtwArE

5.5 full roAdMAP

the roadmap above illustrates the 
implementation plans for the mentioned features. 
initially, the main focus will be to create a stable 
and bug free release of the mobile version for 
making calls. 

5.6 token econoMics 

the experty token (eXY) is a major constituent of 
the experty platform. eXY is created only during 
the token generation event.

eXY is a utility token that will be used for the 
following:

 ◊ eXY will be used for all payments from 
advice seekers to knowledge providers

 ◊ eXY will be staked by users for access 
to premium features

 ◊ eXY will be used by advice seekers as a 
deposit for advance scheduling with a 
knowledge provider

eXY will be sold inside the application via different 
methods including:

1. Credit Cards (visa, MasterCard, etc.) 

2. ethereum

3. Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies

5.7 PreMiuM MeMbershiPs And 
feAtures

instead of paying for premium memberships, 
users who have a certain amount of eXY staked in 
their wallet will be able to use premium features 
without additional fees. 

examples of premium features include:

 ◊ scheduling 

 ◊ Paid group calls (ie. webinars)

 ◊ Conversation recording

the final number of tokens needed to be staked 
for premium membership and exact features 
are going to be decided based on actual user 
demand and the token price.



ExpErty.io

SoFtwArE

26

5.8 token generAtion eVent (tge) distribution suMMAry

maximum cap 
(Pre-sale + ICO) 9,000 eth

Total token supply Exact supply will be determined after the ICO based 
on number of people from each bonus tiers

max 100 million (100,000,000) eXY, of which:

 ◊ 33% tge allocation tokens (including seed 
+ pre-sale + iCo tokens)

 ◊ 33% Company tokens (vested for 3 years*)
 ◊ 30% partner tokens (locked for 18 months)
 ◊ 1% to cover tge costs
 ◊ 3% airdrops and bounties

minimum amount on 
TGE (soft cap)

2,000 eth. all raised money will be refunded if 
soft cap is not reached. 

Ethereum ERC20

experty is using the ERC223 standard, an 
updated version of erC20. erC 223 requires 

less gas than erC20, prevents the risk of 
tokens being lost when they are sent to 

an incompatible contract, and is also fully 
compatible with erC20 for the purpose of 

exchange listings. 

Purchase methods 
accepted directly eth

Purchase methods 
accepted via bitcoin 

suisse
eth, BtC, ChF, Usd, eUr, jpY

*every month, beginning on February 2018, the contract will release 1/36 of the total eXY 
company tokens. all eXY company tokens will be released by February 2021.



experty.io 27

6 use of Proceeds suMMAry   

oUr Main FoCUs will Be on soFtware developMent, research, and marketing to the blockchain community. 
we want to make sure that experty will be used for blockchain 
companies, such as Bitcoin suisse, who we are already working 
with for our test pilot programs.

initial funds allocation will include:

•	 sOfTwaRE dEvELOPmEnT. our team will build the 
first fully functional version of the app, which will use 
experty tokens to process payments.

•	 LEaRnInG. we will gather feedback from the users.

•	 COmmunITY. we will build a community around people 
who regularly use cryptocurrencies. our first users will 
come from this community before the app is mass-
market user friendly.

•	 PREPaRaTIOn. to prepare for mass adoption, we will 
continue to improve the app’s user experience based on 
feedback.

•	 maRKETInG. we will use funds to market the experty 
mobile and desktop application directly to the 
blockchain community, and once we are ready, to a 
wider audience.



ExpErty.io 28

 uSE oF procEEDS SummAry    

6.1 the AllocAtion suMMAry

the first round of funds allocation:

 ◊ Legal and administrative Costs - 5%

 ◊ software development - 40%

 ◊ marketing and Community building - 40%

 ◊ Long Term Research Team - 15%

6.2 softwAre deVeloPMent: 40%
the project is developed by the founder’s existing 
development company - reactpoland.

our team is already highly experienced at building 
custom software, so we can ensure that the development 
of the experty application will be thorough and robust. 
we have years of experience building digital products 
and do not need to hire external consultants.

the development will be spread across 4 internal teams 
- responsible for:

1. mobile app

2. web app

3. desktop

4. server / smart contract integration.

we are well connected in the poland tech scene, including two Facebook groups.

 ◊ https://web.facebook.com/groups/nodejsPL/ - over 1800 members

 ◊ https://web.facebook.com/groups/reactjs.co/ - over 4800 members

we are in close contact with many other top developers as well, should the need for additional tech 
talent arise.



ExpErty.io 29

 uSE oF procEEDS SummAry   

6.3 legAl And AdMinistrAtiVe costs: 5%
due to business specifics experty is going to have compliance costs on a country by country basis. this 
includes legal and administrative costs regarding our product launch for european and Us markets, as 
well as unbanked regions.

6.4 MArketing And sAles: 40%
 ◊ working on cooperations with other 

projects that may bring synergy long 
term. some example of cooperations 
are:

 ◊ proofsuite.com
 ◊ Bitcoinsuisse.ch

 ◊ digital marketing

 ◊ Hiring community managers based on 
demand

 ◊ Running different campaigns in 

order to measure the most effective 
approaches (learning)

 ◊ Experty and blockchain week 
conferences in Europe

 ◊ Testing and measuring what works 
for our marketing efforts (learning)

 ◊ mass market focus group, learning, 
and research

 ◊ direct sales team building integration 
partnerships with different portals

6.5 long terM reseArch teAM: 15%
we will build a dedicated team that will research how experty can compete on the global digital 
consultations marketplace. this team won’t produce immediate short term value like our product or 
marketing deliverables, but will work on different proof-of-concepts and research alternative methods 
for reaching our audience. 

in case of not reaching the hard cap goal during tge the funds raised will be used mostly on delivering 
project to the market and making it growing organically on mobile platform only, before starting to 
build desktop and web application. reaching hard cap (or getting close to it) will allow for development 
on all platforms parallelly and for more agressive marketing campaign.



ExpErty.io 30

 uSE oF procEEDS SummAry   



experty.io 31

7 the exPerty teAM

oUr Core teChniCal teaM CoMes FroM the weB consulting company reactpoland. they have years of 
experience developing applications as well as a deep understanding 
of consulting and the problems that arise when billing cleints. 
partnered with experianced leaders and international team 
members, the experty team is prepared to take challenges and 
ensure the success of the company.



ExpErty.io

tHE ExpErty tEAm

32

7.1 exPerty teAM



ExpErty.io

tHE ExpErty tEAm

33

7.2 exPerty AdVisors



ExpErty.io

tHE ExpErty tEAm

34

reactPoland.com team
in addition to the core team members listed 
above, the experty team has in disposition our 
existing team of 10 developers. this ensures 
prompt product delivery of our roadmap while 
assuring quality product development for the 
experty platform.


	_30j0zll
	_1fob9te
	_3znysh7
	_3dy6vkm
	_er1giqax5ze0
	_3qq34lczwjbl
	_1t3h5sf
	_17dp8vu
	_26in1rg
	_cv4odq22x6
	_35nkun2
	_1ksv4uv
	_44sinio
	_qx9vwewjwgfx
	_ffunl6k69ze2
	_z337ya
	_1y810tw
	_4i7ojhp
	_2xcytpi
	_fuy20dzeg81e
	_kcrzswevbh19
	_p1mzq3rfapbr
	_ftjwrtxve7tp
	_nm3nk44y344k
	_71aap453soqm
	_iiq28r2vo4w8
	1	Value Proposition
	1.1	Introduction
	1.2	Motivation Behind The Experty Platform

	2	Project Description
	2.1	Technical Overview
	2.2	Core Features
	2.3	User flow

	2.4	Possible Use Cases
	2.5	Company Example
	2.6	Why Blockchain?


	3	Smart Contract Architecture
	3.1	On-Chain and Off-Chain Processes
	3.2	Potential Ethereum Bottleneck

	4	Business Strategy
	4.1	Market Definition
	4.2	Third Party Platform Integration

	5	Software
	5.1	CURRENT MINIMUM VIABLE PRODUCT SHOWCASE
	5.2	Mobile Application
	5.3	Web Application
	5.4	Full Roadmap
	5.5	Token Economics 
	5.6	Premium Memberships and Features
	5.7	Token Generation Event (TGE) Distribution Summary


	6	Use of Proceeds Summary	 	
	6.1	The allocation summary
	6.2	Software Development: 40%
	6.3	Legal and Administrative Costs: 5%
	6.4	Marketing and Sales: 40%
	6.5	Long Term Research Team: 15%



	7	The Experty Team

