











































WHITEPAPER
Version (4.1)



Abstract

Introduction

Current Situation

Our Solution

Market Potential

Model Portfolio

Business Revenue Model

Development Roadmap

Technology Platform

Crowd Token Contribution

fdx Token Utilities

FidentiaX Foundation

Team Behind FidentiaX

Blockchain Development Team

Disclaimer

Appendix

Glossary

Reference

1

2

3

5

7

8

10

11

13

19

22

24

25

26

27

28

29

31

TABLE OF CONTENTS—

CONTENT PAGE • PAGE - OF 32



The life insurance industry generates billions of 
dollars in premiums every year. In 2016 alone, the 
total market size for premiums in the OECD region 
(40 reporting countries) was more than US$3.86 
trillion dollars. Emerging Asia will be the fastest-
growing market for life insurance with an estimated 
real compounded annual growth rate of 10.2%. 

As an oligopoly, insurers have traditionally been able 
to benefit from the opacity and byzantine operating 
standards of the sector. One of the many examples 
of this is the inability of the insured to monetize 
their policies.

Most people do not realize that policies with cash 
value can be traded in the market for a higher cash 
value, that is, an individual could sell his policies to 
a third party instead of surrendering the policy. In 
2014, policy lapses and surrenders were in excess 
of US$112 billion dollars in the US alone, of which it 
is estimated US$57 billion (250,000 policies) could 
have been resold in the market. 

There are many advantages of buying an insurance 
policy on the open market. For example stable 
returns (superior to a similar asset class with the 
same risk ratings); fixed tenure; liquidity; and low 
correlation with other asset classes.

The minority of policyholders who know they 
can extract higher value from their policy face 
challenges in finding interested buyers as there is 
no recognizable marketplace. Buyers looking to add 
policies to their investment portfolio are confronted 
with similar, if not more, barriers to safely executing 
the purchase.

The disintermediation of the industry is also 
necessary on the after-service fulfilment of the 
insured. Many traditional companies have focused 
on creating value using technology to enhance 
periodic portfolio review, advisory or record keeping, 
but there is a bigger opportunity in ensuring the 
immutability and the peace-of-mind transition 
when the unfortunate circumstance of a claim 
arises. Whether the policyholder is an individual or a 
company, the fact remains that many individuals do 
not update their next of kin or beneficiaries when 
they change their portfolio or will.  

http://www.iii.org/fact-statistic/industry-overview 
http://www.oecd.org/finance/insurance/globalinsurancemarkettrends.htm
http://www.lisa.org/life-policy-owners/consumer-blog/blog/2015/02/25/lapsed-life-insurance-policies-an-astounding-number

This is also the case for companies due to 
employee turnover. The individuals who purchase 
and maintain the policies rely on practices that 
are handed over without a comprehensive 
understanding of the necessary obligations and 
task, relying on agents or third-party advisors to 
assist when the need arises. Agents and advisors 
themselves change over time, resulting in late 
premium payments, void claims and a biased 
portfolio that does not serve the current needs of 
the individual and company.

fidentiaX is the world’s first marketplace for tradable 
insurance policies. Our vision is to create a trading 
marketplace and repository of insurance policies for 
the masses by leveraging blockchain technology. 
This blockchain-powered marketplace will provide 
a trustless, immutable, auditable and transparent 
environment to disrupt the status quo. fidentiaX 
Open Source Foundation (FOSF) will be setup 
with the mission of proliferating the adaptation of 
blockchain technology in the Insurance Industry.

ABSTRACT—

ABSTRACT • PAGE 1 OF 31



Insurance, as a means for transferring or 
distributing risk from the insured to the insurer, 
has been around as early as the 3rd Century BC. 
Chinese merchants ‘transferred’ or ‘distributed’ 
their cargo before embarking on a dangerous 
voyage so as to lower their risk. Babylonian traders 
took insurance further by hedging their risk with 
an additional payment to lenders to write-off 
their loan if the shipment was stolen or lost at sea.

The first life insurance policy was written in the 
early 18th Century and has since morphed from 
a single application into numerous iterations 
with many product innovations. There are 
insurance policies addressing every need of an 
individual through their life stages, for example, 
Endowment1, Whole Life2, Investment-Linked3, 
Term4, Universal Life5, Key-man6 with various riders 
such as critical illness7, terminal illness8, premium 
waiver9, etc.

The insurance industry is dominated by a 
monopoly of a few major players that have been 
innovating and coming up with new products 
and features to grow their business empire. The 
same cannot be said for the after-sales options 
available to policyholders.

The oligopolistic nature of the industry has 
resulted in policyholders being tethered to 
one insurance giant and having to play by their 
rules, although the holder of the policy is the 
very reason for the existence of the insurance 
company. One example would be the lack of 
options for policyholders facing a change in their 
financial circumstance or a change in their needs. 
Many policyholders are under the impression that 
they can only go back to the insurer to surrender 
the policy, or subject themselves to above-market 
interest rates to borrow against their own asset.

There is also an increasing trend of buyers 
looking to purchase tradable policies from 
the market due to the various benefits of this 
instrument. However, they face challenges such as 
accessibility to tradable policies and the manual 
transfer process. These challenges have curtailed 
the growth of this segment.

The potential market size for surrendered policies 
in Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, Malaysia and 
Singapore alone exceeded US$5 billion in 2015, 
and yet there is no recognizable marketplace 
(online or offline) for policyholders and buyers 
to transact.

fidentiaX will disrupt the status quo and break 
the tethers of the insurance companies by 
empowering policyholders to monetize their 
policies. This is also a fantastic opportunity for 
us to demonstrate the numerous advantages 
of building a portfolio of tradable policies with 
stable returns and developing a trustless platform 
for trading of these policies.

Xchange with confidence.

INTRODUCTION—

INTRODUCTION • PAGE 2 OF 31



Existing Policy-Holders

Policyholders facing a challenging financial situation or a change in life stage wherein their existing 
insurance policy no longer meets their needs are faced with two options:

There are types of policies (such as Investment-Linked) with only one option, that is, to surrender their 
policy, as insurers are unwilling to accept these policies as collateral even though the interest rate charged 
is five times that of the deposit’s interest. 

In a few mature markets, there is the alternative of selling policies to a third party (individual or company) 
at cash value plus a negligible cash incentive. However, these companies are very selective in the policies 
they are willing to purchase, for example, endowment or whole-life policies which are near their maturity 
date are not favoured.

Limited options and the lack of awareness and accessibility have created an inequitable situation for 
policyholders leading to a status quo which has not changed for centuries. Insurance companies prefer 
that policyholders surrender their policies (thus releasing them from their sum-assured obligation) rather 
than encourage trading of these policies.

Some regulators are trying are correcting this bias by imposing advisory requirements on insurers to inform 
policyholders, before deciding to surrender their policy, of the availability of a market for traded policies.

1. Surrender their policy at existing cash value which is determined by the insurer and lose their  
 protection (sum assured). This brings about an added risk of being unable to invest in another  
 policy due to their current medical condition or with disadvantageous terms due to age.

2. Secure a fully collateralized loan (90%~95% quantum) on their existing policy from their insurer  
 at an interest rate of 5%~7%p.a.

CURRENT SITUATION—

CURRENT SITUATION • PAGE 3 OF 31



BUYERS

Increasingly, individuals and corporates are viewing insurance as an asset class within their investment 
portfolio. However barriers to entry, such as high mortality charges10 which increase with age, difficulties 
in sourcing policies and the manual transfer process make it prohibitive to invest in an insurance policy.

Policies purchased from the open market have various advantages due to the nature of how insurance 
products are structured:

Eliminating “Setup” Cost Of 
Insurance

Original policy holder takes the brunt of the 
setup cost in the first couple of years due to 
how insurance policies are structured. The 
cost of distribution (commission payable to 
agents, underwriting cost, etc.) is deducted 
in the first couple of years of the policy.

Liquidity

Tradable policies can be resold in the open 
market or surrendered at the insurer for 
immediate liquidy

Smoothing Of Returns

Insurance companies do not typically 
declare all revenue earned in a good year 
and keep the undistributed returns as a 
reserve. These reserves are distributed 
during a bad year to smooth out the 
performance of the underlying funds.

Inherent Capital Preservation 
Feature

Cash value of a policy consist of guaranteed 
and declared returns by the insurers. i.e. 
cash value is effectively preserved and 

backed by the insurer

Furthermore, insurance companies 
are highly regulated by central banks/ 
governmental bodies which have stringent 
guidelines on the reserve requirements for 

the insurance companies

Fixed Investment Tenure

Maturity date (for endowment plans) is 
defined and allows cash flow management 

and portfolio planning.

Mortality Upside

Policies purchased on the secondary 
market typically focused on the cash 
value of the policy and does not price in 
the element of Sum Assured in the event 
of mortality of the life assured. The Sum 
Assured amount could potentially be 

significantly higher than the cash value.

The advantages of purchasing a tradable policy from the open market are apparent, however, getting 
access to tradable policies from a trustless and reliable platform is not as straightforward. There is no 
notable marketplace that provides easy access to potential buyers seeking to include tradable policies 
in their portfolio.

Furthermore, there is no standardized fulfilment process for the transaction of such policies, which often 
requires the buyer to place trust on the third-party provider.

CURRENT SITUATION • PAGE 4 OF 31



fidentiaX the world’s first marketplace for tradable insurance policies, will be a membership-based 
ecosystem focusing on the key stakeholders:

Policyholders – 

Providing a liquidity alternative to existing policyholders through a transparent, fair and efficient platform 
which allows tokenization of their existing policies.

Buyers – 

Developing a trustless marketplace for buyers exploring tradable policies as part of their investment 
portfolio by leveraging on blockchain technology and its benefits to provide a secured transactional 
ecosystem.

Our platform features will be designed and developed with these member stakeholders’ needs as a 
guiding principle.

fidentiaX members’ platform will provide the following features depending on the membership category:

OUR SOLUTION—

OUR SOLUTION • PAGE 5 OF 31



POLICY LEDGER

Individuals and companies are overly dependent on 
the trusted intermediaries (agents) who sold them 
the policy to provide after-sales fulfilment. However, 
due to the high turnover of intermediaries in the 
insurance industry, the after-sales fulfilment is often 
found wanting.   

When an unfortunate event of claim ocurrs, it often 
falls upon the next of kin or the beneficiaries to 
scour through the belongings of the insured to 
locate the necessary policy documents in order to 
make the claim.

fidentiaX’s Policy Ledger breaks from the traditional 
reliance on intermediaries by creating a digital 
ledger for policyholders:

1. Consolidate and manage your insurance  
 policies on a distributed ledger.

2. Creating an immutable record of your policies  
 on the blockchain.

3. Premium payment alert

4. Coverage summary

5. Multi-signatory access for beneficiaries and/  
 or trustees on mortality event

LISTING OF POLICIES FOR TOKENIZATION

1. Database on acceptable insurance policies  
 which will include Endowment, Whole Life,  
 Universal Life, Key-man, Investment-Linked,  
 Annuity, etc.

2. Real-time pricing engine with an automated  
 submission of relevant documents for more  
 efficient quotation.

3. Re-purchase option for policyholders who  
 want the  option to buy back their policy  
 within a stipulated timeframe.

4. Policies would be tokenized onto the   
 blockchain.

MEMBERS AUCTION (BID YOURSELF A 
POLICY)

fidentiaX strongly believes that tradable policies 
should form part of any investment portfolio and 
will conduct periodic (minimum once a year) 
private sale for members only.

Policies from the model portfolio will be auctioned 
for a minimum number of fidentiaX (fdX) tokens 
and the auction will be open for members to bid 
on the policy (a real-world asset). The successful 
bidder will take ownership of the policy and could 
either cash out the policy or add that policy to their 
investment portfolio. 

We believe this will add stability to fdX token prices 
in the secondary market.

MARKETPLACE FOR PURCHASE OF 
TRADABLE POLICIES

1. Marketplace to browse available tradable  
 policies for purchase. 

2. Filter based on key criteria (tenure, yield at  
 maturity, amount, etc)

CUSTODIAN SERVICES

1. Buyers could engage to provide custodian  
 services and hold the policy in a trust   
 structure.

2. Facilitate payment of annual premium

3. Realizing the cash value of the policy

Members who purchase policies via the 
marketplace will be able to choose between 
transferring the purchased policy to their name or 
engage fidentiaX to hold it in trust.

PORTFOLIO BUILDER

The Portfolio Builder is a bespoke service for 
buyers looking to customize and build a portfolio 
of tradable insurance policies. fidentiaX will provide 
professional services for sourcing, validation and 
transfer of the desired policies. 

OUR SOLUTION • PAGE 6 OF 31



fidentiaX will be focusing on building its brand within Asia before executing its global expansion strategy. 
Key focus countries within Asia are Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, Malaysia and Singapore. 

These countries are selected based on the following factors:

- size of the insurance market 

- new business generation

- regulatory requirements and oversight

- surrender value

- competitive landscape

MARKET POTENTIAL—

MARKET POTENTIAL • PAGE 7 OF 31



fidentiaX will construct a portfolio with the objective of providing superior performance against a similar 
risk class investments. The model portfolio will be used to demonstrate the advantages of having tradable 
policies as part of an investment strategy. The returns generated from the portfolio will be used to fund 
future development of the ecosystem. Here are some examples of portfolio performance in the market:

Fixed Income Fund (higher risk relative to fidentiaX’s model portfolio)

Money Market Fund (similar risk relatively to fidentiaX’s model portfolio)

MODEL PORTFOLIO—

MODEL PORTFOLIO • PAGE 8 OF 31

Fund Name

Fund Name

DL Bond

Cash Fund

$244.46

$108.20

1.89%

0.37%

0.69%

0.35%

2.35%

0.52%

MLS Bond

P MM

$19.26

$818.87

3.04%

0.63%

1.07%

0.49%

-

0.81%

LMWA Bond

LG SG MM

$103

$206.2

2.91%

0.79%

0.95%

0.34%

3.40%

0.98%

PBS Bond $396.28 3.40%0.87% 2.98%

EPI SG Select

LMWA MM

$699.1

$1557

3.84%

1.57%

0.62%

0.48%

-

-0.57%

NAHS Fix Inc $23.92 1.96%1.27% 2.24%

LGSF

P MM Classic

$104.8

$872.2

2.55%

1.83%

0.67%

-

3.28%

-0.42%

SRF Income $405 2.01%0.71% -

USB $205.65 2.99%0.80% 3.56%

Fund Size 
(SGD Million)

Fund Size 
(SGD Million)

Annual 
Expense Ratio

Annual 
Expense Ratio

5 Year 
Performance

5 Year 
Performance

10 Year 
Performance

10 Year 
Performance



Our model portfolio will be constructed with a core component in Endowment, Whole Life, Universal 
Life and Annuity policies with tactical allocations to Investment-linked policies depending on market 
conditions and directions. Examples of some of the policies:

fidentiaX’s model portfolio will be comprised of very liquid assets (tradable policies) which can be 
converted to fiat currencies within days.  

The comparison above provides a clear indication of the potential outperformance of more than 4 times 
that of a similar risk-class portfolio and >25% higher performance relative to a higher risk portfolio.

MODEL PORTFOLIO • PAGE 9 OF 31

Plan Type

Endowment $27, 385 $13, 692$41, 077 10 4.14% p.a.

Whole Life $56,655 $41, 454$98, 109 15 3.73% p.a.

Endowment $32, 049 $9, 294$41, 343 7 3.73% p.a.

Endowment $31, 777 $9, 534$41, 311 7 3.82% p.a.

Endowment $8, 885 $3, 007$11, 892 9 3.29% p.a.

Initial Outlay 
(SGD)

Projected 
Returns Value 

(SGD)

Projected  
Returns (SGD)

Years To 
Maturity/ 
Surrender

Projected 
Returns On 

Maturity 



Membership Fees
 
Access to products and services of the platform 
would be via membership fees which will be levied 
on an annual basis.

Transaction Fees
 
Facilitating members of  the ecosystem 
(policyholders and buyers) on transactions which 
will be subjected to transactional fees for selling 
and buying.

Portfolio Builder
 
Providing professional services to construct 
customized portfolios by sourcing and acquiring 
policies from the open market according to buyer’s 
investment objectives.

fidentiaX membership marketplace will be generating revenue via the following:

Model Portfolio
 
Building a tradable-policies portfolio allows 
fidentiaX to grow its revenue via the following:

Portfolio Returns 
 
Our model portfolio of tradable policies could 
potentially return 3.5%p.a~4%p.a which is 
significantly higher than a similar risk-class portfolio.
 

Mortality Upside
 
The model portfolio main engine of growth would 
be the returns on the policies, however in the event 
of the demise of the original policyholder prior to 
the maturity of the policy, the policy would be paid 
out to fidentiaX as the owner of the instrument.

Sale of Policies
 
Selected policies within the portfolio will be put up 
for sale with a reasonable markup.

Repurchase Option Fee

Policyholders who sold their policies to fidentiaX 
will have the option of repurchasing their policy 
within a stipulated timeframe by paying a 
Repurchase Option Fee. The Repurchase Option 
Fee would be dependent on the type of policy and 
timeframe of the option.

Revenue from the model portfolio will be used 
to fund operations and development cost of the 
marketplace. 

BUSINESS REVENUE MODEL—

BUSINESS REVENUE MODEL • PAGE 10 OF 31



Upon successful completion of the Initial Token Offering, fidentiaX will allocate the raised funds to the 
following categories:

MODEL PORTFOLIO

70% of the funds raised will be set aside to purchase tradable policies from the open market to create 
a model portfolio with the following objectives:

- Demonstrate the benefits of having tradable insurance policies in an investment portfolio. Key  
 statistics of the portfolio will be shared on the platform (e.g. portfolio size, average yield at   
 maturity, average investment tenure, etc.)

- Facilitate trades on the platform during the initial stage, this will be done through direct   
 acquisition of policies in a number of countries and listing them on the platform. This is   
 necessary while we build market awareness of the first global marketplace for tradable insurance  
 policies.

- Utilize the portfolio returns (3%p.a.~4%p.a) to fund future development of the platform as well as  
 funding a non-profit foundation to proliferate the adaptation of blockchain technology in the  
 Insurance Industry.

DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP—

DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP • PAGE 11 OF 31



Funds collected from the Crowd Token Contribution will be transferred to a Trust (managed by a Legal 
Firm as Trustee) with a clear mandate on the utilization of the monies towards building the world’s first 
marketplace for tradable insurance policies and proliferation of blockchain technology for the insurance 
industry.

DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP • PAGE 12 OF 31

Aug 2016—
  

Business Concept Development

Feb 2017—  

Market Research& Feedback from 
Industry Leaders

Aug 2017—  

Preparation of Whitepaper and 
Legal Opinion

Nov 2017—  

Launch of Crowd Token 
Contribution

Jun 2018—

Launch of fidentiaX Model Portfolio

2019+

Partnership with leading Insurance 
Companies on direct issuance of 

policies onto the Blockchain

May 2016—

Ideation

Nov 2016—

Formation of Core Team

May 2017—

Conceptualisation of fidentiaX 
Membership Marketplace

Oct 2017—

Announcement of Crowd Token 
Contribution

Feb 2018—

Launch of fidentiaX Membership 
Marketplace

Sept 2018—

Full Blockchain-powered Marketplace 
for Tokenization of policies

2023+

Industry Leader for Policy Ledger 
to safe keep insurance policies and 
Marketplace for Tokenization of 
policies



fidentiaX’s platform will be based on a customized version of NXT blockchain (www.nxtplatform.org). 
Following is an outline of the high-level aspects of the platform.

1. TOKENS
 
 The platform will use 3 different types of token:

- Crowd Token Contribution (Ethereum Blockchain) - fdX

- Currency Representation Tokens – (eBTC, eETH, eUSD, eEUR, eSGD, eJPY, eKRW, eMYR, etc)

- Platform Unified Tokens – ISX

CTC 
Tokens

Platform Unified 
Tokens

Currency Rep. 
Tokens

Token issued during 
Initial Token Offering via 
Ethereum Blockchain.

Platform specific token 
pegged to USD to 

facilitate transaction 
within the platform. 
Non-exchangeble, 

Non-transferrable and 
exclusively used within 

the platform.

Named after their flat 
counterpart for members 

to deposit their fiat in 
exchange for ISX tokens.

On a regulatory level, sellers may only cash out the policy using the currency in which the policy was 
issued (e.g. a Singapore Dollars Policy will only be able to cash out in Singapore Dollars).

To allow seamless transition between currencies, fidentiaX’s cash management system will include 
various fiat currency accounts linked to internal Currency Representation Tokens which can be exchanged 
against the Platform Unified Token (ISX) that is pegged 1:1 to the US dollar.

This allows buyers to top up their fidentiaX account by purchasing ISX with their preferred fiat currency, 
and sellers can cash out ISX at its USD value against the fiat currency in which the policy was issued 
with minimum forex charges.

TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM—

TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM • PAGE 13 OF 31



2. ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT

fidentiaX’s platform relies on asymmetric cryptography to manage its user accounts. This process includes 
the generation of a private key used to log in and digitally sign data and transactions.

A private key is not just a password, it is a unique representation  of a user’s identity and should never be 
shared. Consequently, its safe storage is extremely important, and recovery procedures are more complex.  

Nonetheless, as a great majority of internet/app users are used to password recovery systems, fidentiaX 
will implement a hybrid method to ensure the user safety and the ability to recover credentials. 

- confirm the legitimacy of the request.

- create a new account on behalf of the user.

- transfer metadata, balance, and policy ownership to a new account. 

- send the user a new hardware signing device containing the new account’s private key. 

- After registration, a hardware signing device can be used to log in and sign transactions.

- Administrators will hold special rights, allowing them to transfer user metadata and policy   
 ownership from one account to another after a multi-step confirmation procedure initiated by  
 the private key owner. This transfer will require the digital signatures of several administrators. 

When a user initiates an account recovery procedure, administrators will:

TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM • PAGE 14 OF 31



3. USER TYPES

The fidentiaX platform aims to make its user experience as seamless as possible. Because not all users 
will perform the same actions, three user types will be defined, each focused on a different user role:

User Type

SELL ONLY
 
Users wishing to sell their policies without engaging 
in trading

 - No membership required
 
 - Cannot buy policies or access policy   
  marketplace
 
 - Automated/Semi automated KYC and  
  policy metadata population

Trusted 3rd Parties/ Partners
 
Partner trading of policies as a service on behalf 
of others

 - Membership required
 
 - Can buy and sell policies
 
 - Manual entry of third party’s KYC and policy  
  metadata

 - Responsible for verification of their clients  
  KYC and policy metadata.

BUY AND SELL
 
Users wishing to trade policies to build a portfolio
 
 - Membership required
 
 - Can buy and sell policies on the Policy  
  Marketplace
 
 - Access to policy ledger function

 - Automated/ Semi-automated KYC and  
  policy metadata population

TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM • PAGE 15 OF 31



4. PAYMENT

When a user’s ISX balance is sufficient to process a payment, fees will deducted from the balance. Users 
whose balance is insufficient to process a payment will be prompted to top up.

Top ups will be available via several online payment methods using their respective APIs.

6. POLICIES

Policies are unique, non-duplicable objects comprising a unique ID, a set of metadata (policy details and 
requirements) and a set of supporting documents (KYC, photo of the original paper policy, etc). Each 
policy is verified by fidentiaX before being listed on the marketplace. 

Policies previously processed through a standard (off-platform) sale cycle don’t require extra processing 
since their metadata has been verified by their respective insurance companies at inception.

- User decides on an ISX amount to cash-out.

- ISX amount is deducted from user’s balance 

- U.S. Dollar value of ISX is transferred to user’s fiat account on the next cash-out date. 

- User can decide to cancel the cash-out any time before cash-out date.

5. CASH OUT (WITHDRAWAL)

Users will be able to cash out their balances monthly, at a fixed date

TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM • PAGE 16 OF 31



7. METADATA

The term ‘metadata’ refers to the set of information which defines a policy’s content and lifecycle, including 
but not limited to:   

- Ownership history

- Creation timestamp

- Validation timestamp

- Supporting documents hashes

8. SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS

Supporting documents added to a policy will be hashed and uploaded to a cloud storage service. 
Calculating hashes of each document will allow the verification of uploaded data. 

- Supporting documents URL

- Currency

- Price

- Policy details

TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM • PAGE 17 OF 31



9. COVERAGE

At launch, fidentiaX will cover a limited range of countries and insurance companies. This number will 
increase with the opening of local fidentiaX branches to process local KYC verification and regulations.

- All transactions (except trivial transactions) on the fidentiaX Blockchain which are initiated   
 by a buyer or a seller will be implemented as ‘phasing transactions’ which will be pending until  
 fidentiaX performs the correct action or verification (such as changing the policy owner with the  
 insurance provider, verifying the existence and ownership of a policy to be listed, etc.)

- The fidentiaX Blockchain will be private and not directly accessible to the public, with one or  
 several nodes being operated by each fidentiaX office. User applications will work against   
 middleware which then operates on the private blockchain.

- fidentiaX controls the nodes and has direct economic incentive to do so. The public cannot  
 directly post transactions on the blockchain, and forging fees can be entirely disabled. Actions  
 such as buying or selling a policy automatically generate a charge to the user, so the system  
 cannot be overwhelmed with bogus transactions.

- Country offices and trusted partners run independent nodes that form the global fidentiaX  
 Blockchain. This makes it difficult for an internal malicious actor to compromise the integrity of  
 the blockchain and is one of the core strengths of running a blockchain.

- The status of the blockchain can be explored via a blockchain explorer exposed only to paying  
 members or other relevant parties, as dictated by the permissions set in the middleware.

12. Encryption

Key exchange on the fidentiaX platform is based on the Curve25519 algorithm, which generates a shared 
secret key using a fast, efficient, high-security elliptic-curve Diffie-Hellman function. This algorithm is 
implemented in the same way as the Nxt.org Blockchain, on which the fidentiaX Blockchain is based.

11. CONSENSUS

fidentiaX’s platform blockchain will be based on custom consensus rules, developed to support and 
streamline the specifics of insurance policy trade and its corollary regulatory requirements, including: 

10. KNOW-YOUR-CUSTOMER (KYC)

KYC is required for every user of the fidentiaX platform. In the future, users will be able to share their 
fidentiaX KYC and policy details with other services on a need-to-know basis. 

KYC must at least include:

- Permanent currency settings for the account. This guarantees that an account can only buy and  
 sell ISX tokens within the system using selected currencies (policy specific), and cannot use the  
 fidentiaX platform as a general currency exchange,  which may expose fidentiaX to a different   
 class of regulatory requirements.

- Local fidentiaX branches will be progressively opened to process country-specific KYC.

TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM • PAGE 18 OF 31



fidentiaX will be issuing 100,000,000 fdX tokens for Crowd Token Contribution (CTC) with bonus program 
for early contributors based on the following:

fidentiaX will conduct a Private-Contribution exercise prior to the Public-Contribution for strategic partners, 
company affiliates and angel investors.

CTC will end after 30days or upon reaching 100,000,000 fdX target whichever is earlier. In the unlikely 
event that the CTC total contributions during the period is less than US$1mil at the end of CTC period, 
all contributions will be refunded in full (less off any transactional cost) to contributors.

Any unallocated fdX after the offer period (subjected to meeting the minimum funding requirement 
of US$1mil), will be burnt.

CROWD TOKEN CONTRIBUTION—

CROWD TOKEN CONTRIBUTION • PAGE 19 OF 31

CTC (Day 1~2) 1 ETH = 575 fdX (15% bonus)

CTC (Day 6~30) 1 ETH = 500 fdX

CTC (Day 3~5) 1 ETH = 550 fdX (10% bonus)



Allocation of fdX tokens

The founder’s interest will be aligned with the growth of the ecosystem and tokens will be “vested” 
based on the below:

Bounty Campaign / MGM Program allocation will be set at 1% of the total token distributed during the 
CTC, capped at 1,000,000 fdX tokens.

Any unallocated fdX tokens after the CTC will be burnt.

CROWD TOKEN CONTRIBUTION • PAGE 20 OF 31

Vesting Period

12 Months from CTC

24 Months from CTC

36 Months from CTC

30%

40%

30%

Percentage



Bounty Program / Member-Get-Member (MGM) Program

We will be launching bounty and MGM program during the CTC and tap on the community to spread 
the word on fidentiaX.

Bounty Program

Please see Bounty Program to be announced on bitcointalk.org and our website for more details.

MGM Program

To encourage participation and reward early participants of the crowd contribution round, fidentiaX will 
introduce an MGM program to reward both referrer and referee:

MGM program will be set at 0.20% of the total token distributed under Private Contribution, capped at 
200,000 fdX token on a first-come-first-serve basis.

*Referrals qualification:

- employees of fidentiaX are not eligible to participate in the MGM Program

- referrer must be a contributor of the CTC of minimum 500 fdX.

- self-referral will not be accepted for the MGM program.

- minimum 500 fdX contribution by the referred party. 

- only one referral for each referee will be counted, in the event that a referee is referred by more  
 than one referrer, the successful referral will be based on the 1st submitted wallet ID

(please refer to Appendix A for examples of the MGM program)

CROWD TOKEN CONTRIBUTION • PAGE 21 OF 31

Tiers

Silver 5~15 0.5% of Total Contribution (referrer/ referee)

Platinum >25 0.5% of Total Contribution (referee) 
1% of Total Contributions (referrer)

Gold 16~25 0.5% of Total Contribution (referee) 
0.75% of Total Contributions (referrer)

Number Of Referrals Rewards



There are 3 main utilities for fdX tokens issued during the CTC, namely:

Membership 

fidentiaX is a membership-based platform whereby users need to be a member to access the range of 
services available on the platform.

The annual membership fees shall be payable via fdX tokens and any token collected will be consumed. 
This would effectively decrease the total float of fdX in the market.

For example:

fidentiaX’s marketplace has 200,000 users and each membership is set at 20 fdX tokens per annual. 
A total of 4,000,000 will be consumed that year. This will reduce the total float by approximately 3% 
assuming 100% of the tokens were distributed during CTC.

Member’s Auction

fidentiaX will hold exclusive auction for fdX token holders whereby policy will be put up for auction at 
a significant discount off the cash value.

For example:

fidentiaX list an endowment policy with cash value of $100,000 at 25% discount, i.e. $75,000. Holders of 
fdX tokens would then be able to place a bid on the policy using fdX tokens. Successful bidder would walk 
away with a substantial discount for a real-world asset which he could put up for sale in our marketplace.

Exchange for Platform Unified Token (ISX)

Transactions on fidentiaX platform will be conducted with a platform unified token (ISX) for better 
management of forex risk and risk management (Anti-Money Laundering).

fidentiaX will hold exclusive and limited sale for fdX token holders, giving  them the opportunity to 
purchase ISX tokens at a discount. ISX tokens are pegged to US$1.

fdx TOKEN UTILITIES—

fdx TOKEN UTILITIES • PAGE 22 OF 31



fdx TOKEN UTILITIES • PAGE 23 OF 31



Establishing the fidentiaX Open Source Foundation (FOSF)

The insurance industry, in its current oligopolistic state, will consistently seek to undertake innovation 
and transparency in a commercially self-beneficial manner. With its legacy systems, antiquated business 
models and its undying focus on cross-cannibalizing each other’s market share to increase shareholder 
value, we believe that altruistic technology changes can only materialize if they are built on an open 
framework. The establishment of the fidentiaX Open Source Foundation (FOSF) will be a framework that 
is built by the community, to serve the community.

The FOSF provides an established framework for intellectual property and financial contributions that 
simultaneously limits potential legal exposure for our project committers. The FOSF’s seeks to create 
an equal opportunity community of contributors from both developers and industry contributors to 
successfully collaborate to develop freely available enterprise-grade insurance blockchain solutions, 
benefiting millions of users and insurers worldwide. Its core focus is to develop, proliferate and promote 
an open-source blockchain architecture that is not owned by any traditional large insurance institution 
or blockchain development firms. 

The funding derived for the FOSF will support, elect and facilitate a panel of non-partisan cross functional 
industry experts to drive meaningful technological contributions and to engage like-minded contributors 
to become FOSF members. The members will periodically elect a Board of Directors to manage the 
organizational affairs of the Foundation which will adhere to the FOSF by-laws. The Board will, in turn, 
appoint a number of officers to oversee its day-to-day operations with the public records of the Foundation 
made available to the community on the blockchain. We envision a future where all stakeholders of the 
insurance industry use the solutions distributed under the FOSF free-to-use license; and the community 
actively participates in FOSF activities, mentoring initiatives and development conferences.

More information will be made available in the middle of 2018. 

fidentiaX FOUNDATION—

fidentiaX FOUNDATION • PAGE 24 OF 31



Alvin Ang, Co-Founder—

Multi-disciplined entrepreneur with extensive experience in Technology, 
Engineering, Banking and Insurance sectors. Alvin held senior positions at 
Standard Chartered Private Bank and OCBC Bank focusing on sales strategy, 
wealth management, compliance and people development. 

He is passionate about leveraging technology to solve real-world issues and 
disrupt the status quo.

Douglas Goh, Co-Founder—

Blockchain enthusiast with 15+ years of experience in Banking, M&A 
and Fintech in North Asia, Singapore, South Africa and European Union. 
Specialisation in capital raising, deal sourcing and closure, due diligence and 
corporate structuring. Current Chief Operations Officer of the Uncharted 
Group and Executive Director of Uncharted Partners. Extensive pre-seed 
and series A/B investment experience.  Former Citi and OCBC management 
team. Masters Degree in e-Commerce from the University of Melbourne.

George Agiasoglou, Software Architect—

Versatile and pragmatic software engineer with passion for technology, 
innovation and customer service, George is a keen follower of the lean and 
agile movement (scrum, scrumban) with great focus on delivery. Practitioner 
of best practices and software engineering principles such as DRY, SOLID, 
KISS and YAGNI.

Dr. Jimmy Moore, Data Scientist—

A data science expert with extensive experience in machine learning and 
data visualization, real-time systems for complex analysis and extracting 
insights from complex data. Jimmy is an AI expert with a passion for 
technology, combining innate technical aptitude with exceptional business 
acumen to drive innovation and generate growth.

Long Tran Tranh, Applications Architect—

A professional developer with 17 years of experience leading solution 
development teams in Asia. He has extensive experience working with 
customers in the US and the UK. Expert knowledge and proven track record 
in CRM, ERP, CMS and development and integration of live media streaming 
solutionsExpert level programmer in Java and the deployment using Spring 
MVC framework, EJB as well as Javascript. Understand Solidity | Ethereum 
Smart Contracts, JavaScript connecting user interface to blockchains. He has 
created ICO Smart contracts, and supported clients during the campaign.

TEAM BEHIND fidentiaX—

TEAM BEHIND fidentiaX • PAGE 25 OF 31



Roberto Capodieci, Blockchain Zoo Founder—

Roberto discovered a passion for Information Technology at the tender age 
of 6. In the formative years of the Internet he expanded his business reach 
into the online world and quickly found his company’s services in great 
demand. Roberto, specialised in Lawful Interception systems and big data 
analysis, is also a consultant to law enforcement agencies. Moving to Asia 
a decade ago, Roberto is now a renowned Blockchain expert, associate of 
the Nxt Foundation and the first to apply Blockchain technology to supply 
chain and trade finance.

Jean-Daniel Gauthier, Blockchain Zoo Founder—

Co-founder of DeBuNe and OTDocs, Jean-Daniel (Danny) has 15+ years of 
experience encompassing many facets of the IT industry. His natural affinity 
for languages and communication, coupled with his understanding of 
technology at its applications, allow him to produce designs, documentation 
and explanations of complex solutions accessible and beneficial to all.

Barton Johnston, Blockchain Zoo Founder—

Barton Johnston largely taught himself programming during high school 
and now has 7+ years of software development experience in varied contexts 
including media research, game design, mobile apps and fleet tracking 
telemetrics, alongside years of personal fascination with compression 
algorithms, compiler design, shader programming and anything else that 
gets down to the nitty gritty bits and bytes.

BLOCKCHAIN DEVELOPMENT TEAM—

BLOCKCHAIN DEVELOPMENT TEAM • PAGE 26 OF 31



PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION BEFORE CONSIDERING ANY ACTION YOU 
SHOULD TAKE. IF THERE IS ANY DOUBT, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, TAX OR 
OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). 

This material provided by fidentiaX Ltd is solely for the purpose of providing information ONLY and it is 
NOT an offer or a solicitation to buy or sell any securities or other financial instruments.

The information set forth above may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual 
relationship. Every effort has been made to ensure that any information/material in this whitepaper is 
accurate and up to date. This document in no way constitutes the provision of investment or professional 
advisory.

fidentiaX membership is a consumption-based product permitting members access to services provided 
by the platform. Memberships are not intended for speculation and offer the holder no rights in, or claims 
to, any of the assets of fidentiaX or in any way share in any profits that fidentiaX may achieve.

Interested parties in the platform acknowledge concurrence to the use of electronic records, privacy 
policies, membership agreement and terms and conditions of the platform. These documents are 
subjected to change and shall be made available upon request.

fidentiaX does not guarantee, and accepts no legal liability whatsoever arising from or connected to, 
the accuracy, reliability, or completeness of any material contained in this document. Participants and 
potential fdX token holders should seek appropriate independent advice prior to relying on or entering 
into any commitment or transaction based on the information provided in the whitepaper, which is for 
reference only.

This paper outlines fidentiaX current vision for the platform and we intend to realize this vision, however, 
our vision is dependent on numerous factors and it is entirely possible that the platform will not be 
implemented as outlined in this paper.

The membership platform and its tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. 
This whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document in any form and is not intended to 
constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction.

fdX tokens are functional utility smart contracts within the fidentiaX platform and memberships are not 
for speculative investment. There is no promise of future performance, or promise of inherent value, or 
promise of continuing payments and NO guarantee that fdX token will hold any particular value.

If you are a “U.S. Person” which is defined as a natural person residing in the above-mentioned 
countries or any entity organized or incorporated in these countries, citizen, and/or resident (tax 
or otherwise). YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE to participant in the Crowd Token Contribution.

DISCLAIMER—

DISCLAIMER • PAGE 27 OF 31



APPENDIX A

Examples—

Silver Tier (5–15)

Gold Tier (16–25)

APPENDIX—

APPENDIX • PAGE 28 OF 31

Parties

Parties

Referrer:

Referrer:

Referrer 7:

625 fdX

625 fdX

1500 fdX

NA

NA

Yes (6)

(625+1500+750+625+875)*0.5%=
21.875

(15125*0.5%) = 113.4375 fdX

(1500*0.5) = 7.5 fdX

Referrer 4:

Referrer 4:

Referrer 11:

Referrer 15:

750 fdX

750 fdX

875 fdX

875 fdX

Yes (3)

Yes (3)

Yes (10)

Yes (14)

(750*0.5%) = 3.75 fdX

(750*0.5) = 3.75 fdX

(875*0.5) = 4.375 fdX

(875*0.5) = 4.375 fdX

Referrer 2:

Referrer 2:

Referrer 9:

400 fdX

400 fdX

875 fdX

No

No

Yes (8)

Nil

No

(875*0.5) = 4.375 fdX

Referrer 6:

Referrer 6:

Referrer 13:

Referrer 17:

875 fdX

875 fdX

750 fdX

1500 fdX

Yes (5)

Yes (5)

Yes (12)

Yes (16)

(875*0.5%) = 4.375 fdX

(875*0.5) = 4.375 fdX

(750*0.5) = 3.75 fdX

(1500*0.5) = 7.5 fdX

Referrer 1:

Referrer 1:

Referrer 8: 

625 fdX

625 fdX

625 fdX

Yes (1)

Yes (1)

Yes (7)

(625*0.5%) = 3.125 fdX

(625*0.5%) = 3.125 fdX

(625*0.5) = 3.125 fdX

Referrer 5:

Referrer 5:

Referrer 12:

Referrer 16:

625 fdX

625 fdX

750 fdX

625 fdX

Yes (4)

Yes (4)

Yes (11)

Yes (15)

(625*0.5%) = 3.125 fdX

(625*0.5) = 3.125 fdX

(750*0.5) = 3.75 fdX

(625*0.5) = 3.125 fdX

Referrer 3:

Referrer 3:

Referrer 10:

Referrer 14:

1500 fdX

1500 fdX

1500 fdX

875 fdX

Yes (2)

Yes (2)

Yes (9)

Yes (13)

(1500*0.5%) = 7.5 fdX

(1500*0.5) = 7.5 fdX

(1500*0.5) = 7.5 fdX

(875*0.5) = 4.375 fdX

Contribution Amt

Contribution Amt

Qualified

Qualified

MGM Reward

MGM Reward



1. ENDOWMENT:

2. WHOLE LIFE:

3. INVESTMENT-LINKED:

4. TERM:

5. UNIVERSAL LIFE:

A life insurance contract designed to pay a lump sum after a 
specific term (at maturity) or on the death of the insured. It is 
used as more of a saving rather than a protection instrument.

A life insurance contract which remains in force for the 
insured’s entire lifetime (no fixed maturity date) provided 
required premium are paid. The insurer will pay a lump sum 
(death benefit) upon the death of the insured.  
   
The policy is made up of insurance and investment 
components whereby the insurance component provides the 
payment of the death benefit and the investment component 
builds up the cash value of the policy. 

Policyholders do not have the right to choose how investments 
are made and depend on the investment managers of the 
insurers. These investments are typically in, Fixed income, 
Money Market, Properties, etc., lower risk asset class.

A life insurance contract similar to a whole life policy which  
remains in force for the insured’s entire lifetime provided 
premium is paid.

The policy is made up of insurance and investment 
components whereby the insurance component provides the 
payment of the death benefit and the investment component 
builds up the cash value of the policy. 

Policyholders choose how investments are made by selecting 
the underlying investment (unit trust). Cash value of the 
investment-linked policy is dependent on the number of 
units held in each unit trust of the policy invested and value 
fluctuates according to the price of the underlying assets.

A life insurance contract for a specific term which pays a lump 
sum on the death of the insured. It only has an insurance 
component and policy does not build up cash value over.

A life insurance contract similar to a whole life policy with 
added flexibility to review and alter the death benefit, 
investment component, premium, etc. according to 
policyholder’s circumstances.

Unlike whole life policy, insurers guarantees a minimum 
interest rate and should the insurance company’s portfolio 
outperform the minimum interest rate, excess earnings may 
be applied to the cash value of the policy. 

GLOSSARY—

GLOSSARY • PAGE 29 OF 31



6. KEY-MAN:

7. CRITICAL ILLNESS:

8. TERMINAL ILLNESS:

9. PREMIUM WAIVER:

10. MORTALITY CHARGE:

11. SUM ASSURED:

A life insurance for a specific term on the key person whose 
skills, knowledge, experience or leadership are important to 
a business continuity.

A list of illness defined by the insurer usually for a rider 
attached to a policy which will trigger a payout in the event 
of diagnosis on the insured. The payout could be added to the 
death benefit or accelerate the pay out of the death benefit.

Example of Critical Illness defined by Life Insurance Associate 
of Singapore:

http://www.lia.org.sg/files/document_holder/Industry_
Guidelines_-_Health/LIA_CI_Framework_2014_LIA_Definitions_
for_37CIs.pdf

A list of illness that cannot be cured or adequately treated that 
is reasonably expected to result in the death of the insured 
within a short period of time.

A rider attached to insurance policies that waives the 
policyholder’s obligation to pay any further premiums should 
insured become seriously ill or disabled.

An amount charged by the insurer for providing the coverage 
on the insured’s life, also known as Cost of Insurance. 

The charge is determined by the net amount at risk under 
the policy, the risk classification and the age of the insured.

The guaranteed amount payable on the occurrence of an 
event defined in the policy before any bonuses accrued by 
the insurer.

GLOSSARY • PAGE 30 OF 31



1. Life Insurance Association Singapore: 
 
 http://www.lia.org.sg/node/108590

2. Monetary Authority of Singapore:

 http://www.mas.gov.sg/Statistics/Insurance-Statistics/Annual-Statistics/Insurance-Statistics-2015. 
 aspx

3. Bank Negara Malaysia:

 http://www.bnm.gov.my/index.php?ch=statistic&pg=stats_insurance&ac=21&en

4. The Life Insurance Association Japan

 http://www.seiho.or.jp/english/statistics/trend/

5. Korea Life Insurance Association

 http://www.klia.or.kr/eng/consumer/consumer_0202.do

6. Insurance Authority, Hong Kong

 https://www.ia.org.hk/en/infocenter/statistics/annual_long_term_business_statistics.html

REFERENCE—

REFERENCE • PAGE 31 OF 31


