



































 
 
 
 

 

FirstBlood 
A Decentralized eSports Platform Based on Smart Contracts 
Marco Cuesta, Zack Coburn, Anik Dang, Joe Zhou  
 
Draft Version 0.1.5 
August 2016 

 

This document is for informational purposes only and does not 
constitute an offer or solicitation to sell shares or securities in 
FirstBlood or any related or associated company. Any such offer or 
solicitation will be made only by means of a confidential offering 
memorandum and in accordance with the terms of all applicable 
securities and other laws. 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



Private & Confidential 

Table of Contents 

Abstract 
Autonomous 
Decentralized 
Fully Automated 

Market 
Opportunity 
The Solution 
Future Vision 
Licensing 
App Token 

Token Acquisition 
Token Pre­sale 
Playing Matches 
Match Result Verification 
Witnesses 
Jury Voting Pool 
Sybil Attack Prevention 
Dynamic Reward Formulas 
Hosting Tournaments 
Referral Rewards 
eSports Federation 

Gamification Design 
Global Ranking 
Lessons and Mentorships 
Matchmaking Ranking 
User Reputation System 
Reputation Incentive 

Platform Design 
Applications UI/UX 
App Availability 
Desktop App 
App Architecture 
Security Audit 

Timeline 
Funding breakdown 
The Team 

Experience and Traction 
Members 
Legal Counsel 
Advisors 

Disclaimer 
 

1 



Private & Confidential 

Abstract  
FirstBlood.io (“FirstBlood”) is an upcoming decentralized eSports gaming app that will                     
allow individuals to test their skill and compete in 1v1 and team vs team matches for                               
popular online games, such as League of Legends, Dota 2, and Counter­Strike: Global                         
Offensive.  

Autonomous 
FirstBlood’s innovations will allow skill based competition to take place independent of                       
middlemen, such as financial institutions or casinos. The cryptocurrency Ethereum                   
allows for the creation of smart contracts that run business logic autonomously in the                           
blockchain. These smart contracts can be used for fast, secure and reliable processing                         
of results and rewards from competitive eSports matchplays. Unlike existing platforms                     
(which are both skill and game of chance­based), all of FirstBlood’s transactions are                         
publicly verifiable, viewable, resistant to counterfeit, and not subject to the risk of                         
institutional processing.  

Decentralized 
Traditional online businesses with centralized structures are subject to hacking, strict                     
financial regulations, and onerous overhead costs. Peer­to­Peer (“P2P”)               
decentralization allows skill based competition without reliance on payment processors,                   
reduces operational regulatory burdens, and protects against organizational corruption                 
such as fraud and embezzlement.  

Fully Automated 
Each match outcome will be automatically verified by two groups: Witnesses, and/or the                         
Jury Voting Pool (“JVP”). Witnesses are people running the automated Witness node                       
software that verifies and reports game results. Payouts will be rewarded to the winner                           
based on player reports and Witness checks. This significantly reduces the risk of                         
fraudulent reporting that is rampant on similar platforms. 
 
 
 
 
 

2 



Private & Confidential 

 
 

Market 
Worldwide Digital Games Market, 2015E (​$64.7B​): 
 
Organizing eSports tournaments is a key strategic component for top Multiplayer Online                       
Battle Arena (“MOBA”) and First­Person Shooter (“FPS”) games, which have earned a                       
combined $1.6B in revenues year­to­date. MOBA and FPS MMO (Massively                   1

Multiplayer Online) players ​spend more on gaming­related expenditures than the                   
average gamer, globally, converting ​into paying customers this year at a rate of 7.7%                           
and 10.8% ​, respectively. Studios have capitalized on this: since Riot began officially                       2

sanctioning League of Legends tournaments in 2011, the game’s annual revenue has                       
increased from $85.3M to a whopping $1.2B projected by year’s end.  3

 
The global eSports market generated ​$748M in revenue in 2015E, and is expected to                           
grow to ​$1.9B by 2018E. ​North America and Europe comprise 52% of the market as                             
they continue to rapidly invest in the space. ​One                 4

American analyst even predicts that the eSports             
market in the U.S. alone will grow from $85M in 2014                     
to $1.2B in 2018, a compound annual growth rate of                   
93.8%​. ​The definition of the eSports market, as               5
defined by SuperData Research , includes the           6

following categories: 
 

● Sponsorships & advertising  
● eSports betting & fantasy sites  
● Major League Gaming prize pools  
● Micro­tournaments  
● Merchandise  
● Ticket sales 

 

1 ​Llamas, Stephanie, and Ravon James. ​ESports_Market_Brief_Update_2015­2016_SuperData_Research​ . New York, New York: 
SuperData Research, 2015. PDF. 
2 ​Llamas, Stephanie, and Ravon James 
3 ​Llamas, Stephanie, and Ravon James. 
4 ​Llamas, Stephanie, and Ravon James. 
5  Lee, Paul, and Duncan Stewart. "ESports: Bigger and Smaller than You Think." ​Http://www.deloitte.com/​ . The Creative Studio at 
Deloitte, 2016. Web. 2016.  
6 ​Llamas, Stephanie, and Ravon James. 

3 



Private & Confidential 

In 2015E, Betting & Fantasy sites, Prize pools and Tournaments revenues amounted to                         
roughly $56M, $54M, and $28M respectively, totaling $138M, and is expected to grow                         
to $350M by 2018E. This enormous growth potential presents FirstBlood with a                       7

compelling opportunity to capitalize on the growing interest of eSports enthusiasts who                       
want to be more involved in the action. 
 
A third of fans don’t just want to watch eSports, they also want to compete.  8
 
On average, eSports fans compete in four live tournaments every six months. This can                            9
be inconvenient for frequent competitors. Likewise, nearly half of eSports enthusiasts                     
bet on sports matches every week. They would like to be able to compete online                             10

through a trusted operator. Currently, there are only flawed solutions to the problem,                         
and none support a seamless customer experience. Problems ranging from confusing                     
user­interfaces (“UI”), to potential for fraud, have prevented current operators from                     
reaching full potential. 
 
FirstBlood’s decentralized online platform will provide an environment for gamers to                     
compete without the problems associated with the current market offerings. 

Opportunity 
The global eSports market is growing prodigiously, with an expected compound annual                       
growth rate (“CAGR”) of 37%. By 2018, the eSports market is expected to generate                           11

$1.92B in global revenue. Additionally, 33% of eSports fans don’t just want to watch,                           12

they also want to compete. Based on these figures, a market capture of merely 0.5%                             13

would produce an estimated $70,445,000 in platform volume for FirstBlood by 2018 just                         
from competitive matchmaking. 
 
 
   

7 ​Llamas, Stephanie, and Ravon James. 
8 ​Souza, Emily. "The ESports Industry to Date." ​https://newzoo.com​ . Newzoo, 2015. Web. 2016.  
9 ​Llamas, Stephanie, and Ravon James. 
10 ​Souza, Emily. 
11 ​Llamas, Stephanie, and Ravon James. 
12 ​Llamas, Stephanie, and Ravon James. 
13 ​Llamas, Stephanie, and Ravon James. 

4 



Private & Confidential 

Potential platform volume based on current data 
 

Game  Current Daily Players  Potential Volume  14

League of Legends  27,000,000  $49,275,000 

Hearthstone  10,000,000  15 $18,250,000 

Dota II  1,000,000  $1,825,000 

CS:GO  600,000  16 $1,095,000 

Total  38,600,000  $70,445,000 

The Solution 
FirstBlood will be the first decentralized app, built on top of Ethereum, that allows                           
eSports enthusiasts to compete in their favorite games through a decentralized,                     
automated platform. 
 
Through decentralization, participants are completely in control of their funds while                     
using FirstBlood. The payments and payouts are made by the individual players and                         
cleared on the Ethereum blockchain without ever being processed by a bank or any                           
third party institution. This decentralized model reduces transaction and other operating                     
costs. These savings will be passed on to the consumer, adding value that competitors                           
cannot provide. Existing centralized solutions place consumers at risk. Players’                   
centralized accounts and deposits can be hacked, embezzled, or even confiscated with                       
little recourse for those affected. With FirstBlood, users are completely in control of their                           
assets with no involvement of third party institutions. 
 
Smart contracts paired with a decentralized jury and witness system allow FirstBlood to                         
operate in a unique way that has never existed before, and to be independent from                             
game API policy changes. If a dispute arises that requires a higher level of scrutiny,                             
FirstBlood’s in­house jury system will be activated to adjudicate.  

14 ​Assumption: Daily players play 1 game daily. FirstBlood customer conversion = 0.5%; Average stake per game = $5; FirstBlood’s 
fee = 5.0%; Potential daily revenue = Daily Players * 20% * 0.5% * $5 * 5.0% 
15 ​Assumption: 20% of total player­base play daily 
16 ​"Counter­Strike: Global Offensive ­ Steam Charts." ​Counter­Strike: Global Offensive ­ Steam Charts​ . N.p., n.d. Web. 2016. 

5 



Private & Confidential 

Future Vision 
FirstBlood aims to be the preferred global platform for skill­based eSports competitors                       
and to play an essential part in shaping the future of blockchain­based projects. This                           
project will initially focus on one gaming community, but will expand to include all of the                               
major competitive eSports games. Ultimately, FirstBlood will be a leading brand in                       
competitive eSports, affiliated with P2P gaming as well as influential regional and global                         
tournaments. FirstBlood will also work with game developers by forming symbiotic                     
relationships to enhance the gaming experience for all users. Doing so will encourage a                           
higher level of participation on both parties’ platforms and bring cryptocurrencies and                       
decentralized applications one step closer to mainstream. 

Licensing 
Due to transparent nature of smart contracts, much of the intellectual property will be                           
open source.  

App Token 
FirstBlood Token (“1SŦ”) is an essential part of the FirstBlood ecosystem and economy.                         
The four major utilities available to FirstBlood Token holders are:  

● Playing matches 
● Witnessing matches and voting on the jury 
● Hosting tournaments 
● Claiming rewards from referrals 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

6 



Private & Confidential 

Token Acquisition 
As a utility token, 1SŦ is involved in every process of the ecosystem. 1SŦ can be                               
acquired through FirstBlood’s native app, from another player via transfer, through                     
playing competitive matches with players, from fulfilling jury duty or Witness duty after                         
participants acquire 1SŦ, or from claiming referral rewards. Users will have the ability to                           
acquire 1SŦ by sending Ether (“ETH”) to the 1SŦ creation contract on the blockchain                           
during a pre­sale. The FirstBlood interface will integrate third party trading solutions                       
such as Shapeshift and Coinbase for users who don’t have ETH.  

Token Pre­sale 
The FirstBlood Token initial distribution will be in the form of a pre­sale. Anyone will be                               
able to acquire 1SŦ at a discount rate by pledging ETH into the token sale smart                               
contract. People who have other cryptocurrencies such as ETC, BTC or STEEM can                         17

create 1SŦ via a third­party conversion service that will be available on the pre­sale                           
page. The sale will last four weeks from 9/26/2016 to 10/24/2016. These dates are                           
approximate, as the actual start and end time will correspond to Ethereum block                         
numbers.  

 
The first hour of the sale will be               
a Power Hour. At this time,           
tokens will be available at a rate             
of 170 1SŦ to 1 ETH. Then the               
rate will change to 150 1SŦ to 1               
ETH. Every week, the rate will           
decrease linearly until it hits 100           
1SŦ to 1 ETH.  
 
The token sale will have a hard             
cap that, when reached, will         
immediately disable additional     
sales. The cap will be measured           
in Ether and set in the token             
sale smart contract to a value           

approximately equal to $5.5 million USD based on the ETH/USD price at the start of the                               
token sale. 

17 ​Both Steem and Steem Dollars (SBD) will be accepted. 

7 



Private & Confidential 

 
At the end of the sale, the founding team will receive a 10% allocation of 1SŦ, subject to                                   
a twelve month holding period. These tokens will serve as long­term incentive for the                           
FirstBlood founding team. An additional 5% will be allocated to an eSports ecosystem                         
fund to be used for promotions and eSports tournament rewards. 2,500,000 1SŦ will be                           
allocated to a FirstBlood bounty fund. The bounty fund will be used for pre­sale                           
marketing and bug bounties. At the end of the pre­sale, token creation will be closed                             
permanently. Token transfers will be restricted for two months after the sale ends. 

Playing Matches 
The FirstBlood platform is web and desktop software that allows users to interact with                           
the FirstBlood smart contracts. 1SŦ can be used as                 
stake in competitive eSports matches on the             
platform. Users will have the ability to send their                 
stake to a smart contract that acts as a                 
decentralized escrow. The smart contract handles           
the matchmaking and reward settlement after the             
match is processed by a decentralized result             
verification system. 

Match Result Verification 
A decentralized result verification system is           
beneficial because it is resistant to game API policy changes, fraud from subjective                         
reporting, and certain criminal activities. All 1SŦ holders have the right to help determine                           
match outcomes by witnessing matches and voting in the JVP.  
 
A match result can be either contested or uncontested. A match is contested if the                             
opponents disagree about the result of the match. A match is uncontested if the                           
opponents agree about the result of the match. Whether a match is contested or                           
uncontested, it needs to be confirmed by two Witnesses.  

Witnesses 
A Witness is a special role in the match verification system. In order to act as a Witness,                                   
a 1SŦ holder must run automated Witness node software. Witness nodes are the                         
curators of matches. They serve as the final gateway before matches and rewards are                           
processed. The network of Witness nodes act as a decentralized proxy that has the                           

8 



Private & Confidential 

ability to connect to game APIs and cross­reference game outcomes to ensure no false,                           
fraudulent, or suspicious matches are being processed by the platform. 
 
In order to be part of the pool of possible Witnesses, 1SŦ holders need to opt in by                                   
sending a transaction to the smart contract. For each match, approximately two Witness                         
nodes are chosen by a weighted random selection process and awarded 1SŦ for their                           
services. Specifically, the Witness node software looks at each match assigned to it,                         
checks game APIs for official results, and sends the results to the blockchain for all to                               
see. The Witness node software is completely automated, thus, people running Witness                       
node software do not need to intervene in any way. 
 
A Witness’ probability of being selected will be proportional to his share of the total 1SŦ                               
supply that has been opted­in to the JVP. Specifically, 1SŦ share is calculated as                           

. In order to do the random selection, the smartuser 1SŦ balance) / (opted_in 1SŦ supply)(                    
contract will provide a function that hashes a random seed provided by FirstBlood, the                           
user’s address, and the match ID. The smart contract will use this hash to extract a                               
random number from 0 to 1. The random number will then be scaled by the desired                               
number of Witnesses. Finally, the random number will be compared to the user’s 1SŦ                           
share. If the random number is less than the 1SŦ share, then the user is selected as a                                   
Witness. 
 
Running a Witness node brings game result data into the system and helps protect the                             
reputation and integrity of the platform. Witnesses provide a valuable service, and this is                           
why they are rewarded with 1SŦ. Assume a Witness owns of the total (opted­in)                    %W        
1SŦ supply, the average Witness reward for each match is , and the volume of the                    R            
network is  per second. The Witness’ total hourly reward will be:V  
 

ourly Reward  W R   V   3600 secondsH =   *   *   *    
 

Let    0.5%, R  $0.125, V   10  W =     =     =   :  
 

ourly Reward  0.5% 0.125 0 600 seconds  $22.5 or $200, 80 annually  H =   * $ * 1 * 3 =   8  
 

The potential incentive of running Witness nodes grows linearly with the network as                         
more matches are needed to be processed in the queue. Thus, Witnesses have an                           
incentive for the platform to succeed. 

9 



Private & Confidential 

Jury Voting Pool 
One of the perks of holding 1SŦ is the ability to receive compensation for fulfilling jury                               
duty. In the event a match is contested, two Witnesses will be required. Some members                             
of the JVP will be randomly selected as members of the jury. In order to be considered                                 
a member of the JVP, 1SŦ holders need to opt in by sending a transaction to the smart                                   
contract using the graphical user interface (GUI). All 1SŦ holders are recommended to                         
be opted­in so they can get rewarded by the system and so that the platform can better                                 
handle high match volume. Jury members will be selected by the same weighted                         
random selection processes used for Witnesses. 
 
 
If a member of the JVP has been selected to sit on a jury, that juror may submit one                                     
vote to influence the outcome of the dispute. The juror’s decision should be based on                             
the results provided by the Witnesses, and any additional evidence or screenshots                       
submitted by the players. FirstBlood will provide software to make it easy for players to                             
provide evidence of their result. Once the desired quorum has been reached, the winner                           
will receive the reward. For example, if one hundred people are selected in the JVP,                             

and the quorum is twenty, then twenty jurors must submit their vote before a case is                               
considered resolved. A fraction of the reward will be paid to FirstBlood, and a fraction of                               

10 



Private & Confidential 

the reward will be paid to the Witnesses and any jury members who voted with the                               
majority. Members of the jury who voted with the minority may be penalized with a                             
negative reward. 

Sybil Attack Prevention 
Because 1SŦ relies on a decentralized JVP to give rewards to the true winners, it is                               
important to avoid corruption through Sybil Attacks by automatically created accounts. It                       
would be harmful if one person used multiple accounts to get multiple seats on a jury.                               
Likewise, it would be unfavorable if one group of users bought more 1SŦ than everyone                             
else and managed to control juries by dominating the weighted selection process.                       
FirstBlood has solutions for both of these cases: 
 

1. In order to opt in to the JVP, users must provide identity information such as first                               
name, email or cell (could be activated for two­factor authentication (2FA)) to                       
FirstBlood. This way, FirstBlood can ensure that each person has one unique                       
account being used to participate in the JVP. 

 
2. While the probability of being selected for jury duty is proportional to number of                           

tokens, this probability is capped at 1% per account. This way, FirstBlood can                         
ensure no one is able to dominate the jury selection process. A user is free to                               
purchase more than 1% of the token supply (for instance, to use in matches), but                             
the probability will be capped at 1%. 

Dynamic Reward Formulas 
The desired jury size, quorum size,           
rewards and penalties all may change as             
necessary. As they become available,         
FirstBlood will provide formulas so users           
can plan accordingly. 
 
For example, in order to ensure           
FirstBlood’s ability to scale when more           
matches are being played at a given time,               
a Dynamic Reward Mechanism (“DRM”)         
will be implemented at the smart contract             
level. Rewards for running a Witness           
node or voting accurately on a jury can vary dynamically based on how many cases are                               

11 



Private & Confidential 

available versus the processing speed at a given time. Similar to a ride­sharing app,                           
with surge pricing to incentivize drivers, FirstBlood has its own floating reward structure.                         
As match volume surges, so does the reward percentage for Witnesses and members                         
of the JVP. 

Hosting Tournaments 
Another utility of 1SŦ is the ability to initiate tournaments on the platform. Tournaments                           
can be competitive matches between individuals or teams. These tournaments can be                       
an array of prearranged matches (bracketed, charity,             
free­to­play) handled by the same mechanism using             
JVP and Witness nodes. The 1SŦ tournament             
creation function will be one of the main pillars of the                     
FirstBlood eSports ecosystem by attracting new           
users to become 1SŦ holders in the network.  

Referral Rewards 
Another way to acquire 1SŦ is by inviting friends to                   
become active users on FirstBlood’s platform. Once             
the friend has played his or her first competitive match on the platform, the referrer will                               
earn a referral reward. 

eSports Federation 
The future vision for the FirstBlood Ecosystem extends far beyond our rewards platform.                         
We aim for the FirstBlood token to be redeemable for goods and services within a                             
partnered network of retailers, DAPPS, and other participants associated with                   
FirstBlood. The team aims to be proactive in scouting synergetic projects that share the                           
same values of innovation in the eSports industry. 

Gamification Design 
FirstBlood will implement a gamification element by introducing concepts like Global                     
Ranking (leaderboard style) and Match­making Ranking (“MMR”).  

12 



Private & Confidential 

Global Ranking 
A global ranking system will be viewable on FirstBlood’s platform to encourage                       
competition among eSports players. Ranks will be awarded based on achievements                     
such as special activities, “killing streaks”, and FirstBlood competition wins.  

Lessons and Mentorships 
Once a high enough rank is achieved by a player on the platform, the veteran player will                                 
be able to mentor less­experienced players. The 1SŦ stake that is normally put up for a                               
match will become payment for the lesson. This will allow the less experienced players                           
to feel that they have the ability to succeed on the platform. 

Matchmaking Ranking  
A player’s Matchmaking Ranking (“MMR”) will be adjusted after every match. The MMR                         
adjustment will depend on the current MMR of the player and the opponent. Winning a                             
match can increase a player’s MMR by up to 39 points, while losing can decrease a                               
player’s MMR by up to 39 points. The MMR gained or lost by one player in a match will                                     
be the opposite of the gain or loss of his opponent. Here is a sample formula: 
 

var​ calcMMR ​=​ ​function​(​MMR1​,​ MMR2​){ 
var​ adjustment ​=​ ​(​Number​(​MMR1​)​ ​­​ ​Number​(​MMR2​))​ ​/​ ​20​; 
var​ s1 ​=​ ​20​ ​­​ ​Math​.​min​(​Math​.​max​(​adjustment​,​ ​­​19​),​ ​19​); 
return​ ​[​adjustment​,​ s1​]; 

}; 

User Reputation System 
FirstBlood will have a User Reputation System (“URS”) to protect players, restrict                       
hackers/criminals, and encourage healthy competition. This URS will be present in                     
every aspect of the user experience, from initial sign­ups to professional tournament                       
play. Newly­joined players will have to gain reputation to build trust in the community.                           
The URS will incorporate public ranking with achievements to allow users to easily                         
identify players who may have a history of abusing other players or hacking. This                           
method could reduce abusive cases handled by the JVP. Likewise, the URS will                         
enhance the competitive experience by encouraging players to level up and build                       
reputation.  

13 



Private & Confidential 

Reputation Incentive 
FirstBlood’s URS can provide incentive for users to behave nicely and discourage toxic                         
or malicious users from registering multiple accounts. The platform matchmaking engine                     
(based on MMR) gives higher matching priority to users with higher reputation score.                         
Each individual user will also have the ability to set the minimum reputation threshold for                             
joining a specific match on the GUI level. Having a better reputation also allows users to                               
play at higher levels with larger stakes. 

Platform Design 

Applications UI/UX 

Screenshot of FirstBlood prototype as of July, 2016.  
 

FirstBlood is a platform for players to compete with each other and win rewards. FirstBlood is                               
developing a unique application interface that propagates its branding and provides an                       
easy­to­navigate user experience (UX). 
 
The typical UX begins with registering a new account via the account creation process,                           
followed by a guided tutorial of the platform, shown after the account is verified through                             
email. 
 

14 



Private & Confidential 

Representative available features on the user panel include:  
 
1. Basic Account Information  
2. Connected Games (Icons) 
3. Available Matches (Matches) 
4. Recent Matches (Results) 

App Availability  
Matches must be easy for users to join, making it essential to provide the interface on both                                 
web and mobile platforms. FirstBlood’s plans incorporate an agile cross­platform framework                     
to reduce redundant work on specific OS­focused development.  

Desktop App 
FirstBlood plans to use an agile framework to create a native application that runs on players’                               
desktops. ​Electron ,​ a framework for creating native applications with web technologies such                       18

as JavaScript, HTML, and CSS, could underpin a desktop application. This type of                         
framework will enable the team to focus on the core of FirstBlood’s business. For example,                             
Atom text editor, Slack desktop app, and Mist Wallet are some popular apps that are built                               
using this framework. 

App Architecture 
● The user interface will be a single page app. 
● The interface will allow the user to create an account by funding a new Ethereum                             

address with Ether via an established payment processor. 
● The user will then be able to create a username for this account, and the account                               

information will be stored locally in browser storage (cookies). The user will be                         
encouraged to write down the Ethereum account and private key as a backup. 

● In order to encourage new users who aren’t familiar with Ethereum, FirstBlood will                         
officially support MetaMask, a Chrome plugin that simplifies the process of getting an                         
Ethereum account and allows users to avoid running an Ethereum node locally. 

18 ​Electron​, a popular web framework for building native desktop applications. http://electron.atom.io/ 

15 



Private & Confidential 

● FirstBlood will store certain important information related to its KYC /AML                     19 20

operation on a centralized database. User funds and game information will always be                         
stored in the Ethereum blockchain, outside of FirstBlood control. 

● FirstBlood will maintain a server to monitor the Ethereum events being emitted by the                           
smart contracts via Geth. This server will keep track of statistics (top payouts, players,                           
etc.) so that it can be viewed from the application without having to do heavy                             
blockchain calls. 

Security Audit 
In order to ensure the safety of customer funds held in smart contracts, the FirstBlood team                               
commits to subjecting its platform to a comprehensive security audit before launching on the                           
Ethereum mainnet. In the past, Ethereum­related projects have hired security consultants to                       
conduct security audits prior to launch. FirstBlood will do the same with each updated version                             
of the platform and will release the results prior to launch. 

Timeline 
Aug, 2016 :  White Paper & Pre­sale Announcement 
Sep, 2016 :  Crowdsale Starts 
Oct, 2016 :   Crowdsale Concludes 
Dec, 2016 :  Private Alpha among ​1SŦ holders​, Alpha Community Tournaments 
Jan, 2017 :  Regional FirstBlood eSports Communities   
Mar, 2017 :  Private Beta 
May, 2017 :  Public Beta Release  

19 ​Know your customer​ (KYC) is the process of a business verifying the identity of its clients. The term is also used to refer to the 
bank regulation which governs these activities. 
20 ​Anti­money laundering​ (AML) is a set of procedures, laws or regulations designed to stop the practice of generating income 
through illegal actions. 

16 



Private & Confidential 

Funding breakdown 

 

 

 

   

17 



Private & Confidential 

The Team 

Experience and Traction 
Core team members are proficient in multiple skills and speak multiple languages. 
 
Members of the FirstBlood business team have expertise in multiple areas including                       
compliance, business development, sales and marketing. In addition, all members have prior                       
experience in either managing or working for startup companies. 
 
Members of the development team also have experience in working on open source projects,                           
such as Solome, which was a finalist for the Riot API Challenge, which provides 1v1                             
matchmaking and MMR tracking for the MOBA game League of Legends.  
 
FirstBlood’s chief architect is the founder of Etheropt, the first decentralized options                       
exchange for Ether. This project provided extensive experience in decentralized applications                     
based on smart contracts and oracles in the blockchain. 
   

18 



Private & Confidential 

Members 
Joe Zhou | Project Lead, Dev 
Joe is a derivatives trader and previously co­founder and CEO of Alt­Options, a Boston based fintech                               
startup. His most recent project is Solome, a solo matchmaking engine with the ability to autocheck game                                 
outcomes for League of Legends. He holds B.S.B.A in finance and entrepreneurship and he is an ACAMS                                 
chartered anti­money laundering specialist. He has experiences in building and leading startups and he’s                           
also fluent in both English and Chinese. Joe is a Gold III League of Legends player and also plays popular                                       
FPS games such as CS:GO and Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3. 
 
Marco Cuesta | Head of Business Development 
Marco previously cofounded Alt­Options, a Boston based fintech startup. He holds a B.S.B.A in finance and                               
strategy and trades cryptocurrency. He is a chartered ACAMS (certified anti­money laundering specialist).                         
He also has practical experience in marketing and design from running his own production studio, Cuestam                               
Productions. Marco plays a variety of FPSs but is most experienced with CS:GO and TF2 on the Steam                                   
gaming platform. Gamertag: OmnesOmni. 
 
Zack Coburn | Back­end Dev, Smart Contract Architect 
Zack left a career as an options trader at a Chicago market making firm to be a full­time entrepreneur. His                                       
most recent project is Etheropt, a decentralized options exchange built on Ethereum. Previously, Zack has                             
founded or co­founded a variety of startups, including Chancecoin (alt­coin for gambling), Subvert and Profit                             
(social media marketing site), DormItem (college classifieds), and Madhens (ad auctions). Zack is an avid                             
Rocket League player and beginner at League of Legends. His favorite offline game is Death Note Mafia. 
 
Anik Dang |​ ​ Front­end Developer 
Prior to FirstBlood, Anik worked at Alt­Options building and maintaining front­end functionality of its                           
derivative trading platform. His most recent project is Solome, a platform for matching 1v1 games and                               
tracking solo MMR ratings. For this, Anik designed and implemented the matchmaking engine. He                           
graduated Summa Cum Laude from Boston University with coursework in computer science focusing on                           
algorithms and computational performance. Additionally, Anik possesses experience in both investment and                       
corporate finance and is fluent in 3 languages: English, Russian, and Vietnamese. Anik is an avid gamer,                                 
reaching a Master Guardian Elite rank in CS:GO and has recently started playing League of Legends. 

Legal Counsel 
Daniel Temkin | Legal Counsel 
Dan is an attorney licensed in New York, Massachusetts and before the United States Patent and                               
Trademark Office. He has years of experience advising, mentoring and representing tech startups. Prior to                             
beginning his legal career, he worked in sales and marketing roles at Procter & Gamble Co. Dan is an old                                       
school RTS gamer who still has a solid Castle time in Age of Empires II. 
   

19 



Private & Confidential 

 

Advisors 
Joey Krug | Technical Advisor 
Joey attended Pomona College and discovered that his true calling was to design revolutionary systems on                               
the blockchain. He is a core developer at Augur, a decentralized predictions market that raised over $5.3                                 
million during its crowdfunding campaign. He is experienced in writing trading and consensus mechanisms                           
on Ethereum contracts. Joey was also the first person to successfully conduct a Bitcoin transaction over                               
sound. Most recently, the Thiel Foundation admitted Joey as a 2016 Thiel Fellow in recognition of his                                 
exceptional ability. 
 
Mikko Ohtamaa | Technical Advisor 
Mikko Ohtamaa is a blockchain entrepreneur having 15+ years experience in software and fintech                           
industries. Mikko works for Revoltura, a Gibraltar based company in disruptive investment products. He                           
regularly advises governments and financial institutions in blockchain matters. He is one of founders and                             
former CTO of LocalBitcoins, the largest person­to­person Bitcoin exchange in the world. Mikko is also the                               
sole creator of libertymusicstore.net, the largest Bitcoin music store in the world. 
 
George Popescu | Finance and Operations Advisor 
George is a serial entrepreneur who is experienced in all aspects of a startup company including finance,                                 
operations and marketing. He is the chairman of the Board of Advisors for Gatecoin, a blockchain asset                                 
exchange and also the founder and CEO of Lending Times, a media and affiliate marketing company in the                                   
peer­to­peer, marketplace and alternative lending space. He previously founded and exited Boston                       
Technologies (BT) group, a technology, market maker, high­frequency trading and inter­broker broker­dealer                       
in the FX Spot, precious metals and CFDs space company. In 2011, BT was ranked #1 fastest growing                                   
company in Boston. George is Silver IV in League of Legends player, and also plays Witcher III, Total War                                     
series and many more strategy games.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

   

20 



Private & Confidential 

Disclaimer  
 
 
 

NOT AN OFFER TO SOLICIT SECURITIES AND 

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH 1SŦ AND THE FIRSTBLOOD NETWORK 

Last Updated August 8​th​, 2016 

 
 
This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an                       
offer or solicitation to sell shares or securities in FirstBlood or any related or                           
associated company. Any such offer or solicitation will be made only by means of                           
a confidential offering memorandum and in accordance with the terms of all                       
applicable securities and other laws. None of the information or analyses                     
presented are intended to form the basis for any investment decision, and no                         
specific recommendations are intended. Accordingly this document does not                 
constitute investment advice or counsel or solicitation for investment in any                     
security. This document does not constitute or form part of, and should not be                           
construed as, any offer for sale or subscription of, or any invitation to offer to buy                               
or subscribe for, any securities, nor should it or any part of it form the basis of, or                                   
be relied on in any connection with, any contract or commitment whatsoever.                       
FirstBlood expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct or                     
consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising directly or                     
indirectly from: (i) reliance on any information contained in this document, (ii) any                         
error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information or (iii) any action resulting                         
therefrom. 
 
FirstBlood Token, or “1SŦ”, is a cryptographic token used by the FirstBlood network. 

1SŦ is not a cryptocurrency. 

At the time of this writing, 1SŦ (i) cannot be exchanged for goods or services, (ii) has no                                   
known uses outside the FirstBlood network, and (iii) cannot be traded on any known                           
exchanges. 

21 



Private & Confidential 

1SŦ is not an investment. 

There is no guarantee – indeed there is no reason to believe – that the 1SŦ you purchase will                                     
increase in value. It may – and probably will at some point – decrease in value. Those who                                   
do not actually use their 1SŦ honestly and fairly will lose their 1SŦ to those who do. 

1SŦ is not evidence of ownership or right to control. 

Controlling 1SŦ does not grant its controller ownership or equity in FirstBlood, or the                           
FirstBlood network. 1SŦ does not grant any right to participate in the control the direction or                               
decision­making of FirstBlood or the FirstBlood Network. 

1) Risk of Losing Access to 1SŦ Due to Loss of Credentials 

The purchaser’s 1SŦ may be associated with an FirstBlood account until they are distributed                           
to the purchaser. The FirstBlood account can only be accessed with login credentials                         
selected by the purchaser. The loss of these credentials will result in the loss of 1SŦ. Best                                 
practices dictate that 
purchasers safely store credentials in one or more backup locations geographically                     
separated from the working location. 

2) Risks Associated with the Ethereum Protocol 

1SŦ and the FirstBlood network are based upon the Ethereum protocol. As such, any                           
malfunction, unintended function or unexpected functioning of the Ethereum protocol may                     
cause the FirstBlood network or 1SŦ to malfunction or function in an unexpected or                           
unintended manner. Ether, the native unit of account of the Ethereum Protocol may itself lose                             
value in ways similar to 1SŦ, and also other ways. More information about the Ethereum                             
protocol is available at http://www.ethereum.org. 

3) Risks Associated with Voting 

The purchaser may lose 1SŦ by exercising votes maliciously or carelessly.   
 
4) Risks Associated with Purchaser Credentials 
Any third party that gains access to the purchaser’s login credentials or private keys may be                               
able to dispose of the purchaser’s 1SŦ. To minimize this risk, the purchaser should guard                             
against unauthorized access to their electronic devices. 

22 



Private & Confidential 

5) Risk of Unfavorable Regulatory Action in One or More Jurisdictions 

Blockchain technologies have been the subject of scrutiny by various regulatory bodies                       
around the world. The functioning of the FirstBlood network and 1SŦ could be impacted by                             
one or more regulatory inquiries or actions, including but not limited to restrictions on the use                               
or possession of digital tokens like 1SŦ, which could impede or limit the development of the                               
FirstBlood network. 

6) Risk of Alternative, Unofficial FirstBlood Networks 

Following the presale and the development of the initial version of the 1SŦ platform, it is                               
possible that alternative networks could be established, which utilize the same open source                         
code and open source protocol underlying the FirstBlood network. The official FirstBlood                       
network may compete with these alternative, unofficial 1SŦ­based networks, which could                     
potentially negatively impact the FirstBlood network and 1SŦ. 

7) Risk of Insufficient Interest in the FirstBlood Network or Distributed Applications 

It is possible that the FirstBlood network will not be used by a large number of businesses,                                 
individuals, and other organizations and that there will be limited public interest in the                           
creation and development of distributed applications. Such a lack of interest could impact the                           
development of the FirstBlood network and therefore the potential uses or value of 1SŦ. 

8) Risk that the FirstBlood Network, As Developed, Will Not Meet the Expectations of 

Purchaser 

The FirstBlood network is presently under development and may undergo significant                     
changes before release. Any expectations regarding the form and functionality of 1SŦ or                         
the FirstBlood network held by the purchaser may not be met upon release, for any                             
number of reasons including a change in the design and implementation plans and                         
execution of the FirstBlood network. 

9) Risk of Theft and Hacking 

Hackers or other groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with the FirstBlood network                           
or the availability of 1SŦ in any number of ways, including without limitation denial of service                               
attacks, Sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, or consensus­based attacks. 

23 



Private & Confidential 

10) Risk of Security Weaknesses in the 1SŦ network Core Infrastructure Software 

The FirstBlood network consists of open­source software that is itself based on open­source                         
software. There is a risk that the FirstBlood team, or other third parties may intentionally or                               
unintentionally introduce weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructural elements of the                       
FirstBlood network interfering with the use of or causing the loss of 1SŦ. 

11) Risk of Weaknesses or Exploitable Breakthroughs in the Field of Cryptography 

Advances in cryptography, or technical advances such as the development of quantum                       
computers, could present risks to cryptocurrencies and the FirstBlood platform, which could                       
result in the theft or loss of 1SŦ. 

12) Risk of 1SŦ Mining Attacks 

As with other decentralized cryptographic tokens and cryptocurrencies, the blockchain used                     
for the FirstBlood network is susceptible to mining attacks, including but not limited to                           
double­spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, “selfish­mining” attacks, and race                   
condition attacks. Any successful attacks present a risk to the FirstBlood network, expected                         
proper execution and sequencing of FirstBlood markets, and expected proper execution and                       
sequencing of Ethereum contract computations. Despite the efforts of the FirstBlood Team,                       
the risk of known or novel mining attacks exists. 

13) Risk of Lack of Adoption or Use of the FirstBlood Network 

While 1SŦ should not be viewed as an investment, it may have value over time. That value                                 
may be limited if the FirstBlood network lacks use and adoption. If this becomes the case,                               
there may be few or no markets upon the launch of the platform, limiting the value of 1SŦ. 

14) Risk of an Illiquid Market for 1SŦ 

There are currently no exchanges upon which 1SŦ might trade. If ever exchanges do                           
develop, they will likely be relatively new and subject to poorly­understood regulatory                       
oversight. They may therefore be more exposed to fraud and failure than established,                         
regulated exchanges for other products. To the extent that the exchanges representing a                         
substantial portion of the volume in 1SŦ trading are involved in fraud or experience security                             
failures or other operational issues, such exchanges’ failures may result in a reduction in the                             
value or liquidity of 1SŦ. 

24 



Private & Confidential 

15) Risk of Uninsured Losses 

Unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, funds held using the                           
FirstBlood or Ethereum network are generally uninsured. In the event of loss or loss of value,                               
there is no public insurer, such as the F.D.I.C., or private insurer, to offer recourse to the                                 
purchaser. 

16) Risk of Dissolution of the FirstBlood Project 

It is possible that, due to any number of reasons, including without limitation an unfavorable                             
fluctuation in the value of Bitcoin, unfavorable fluctuation in the value of 1SŦ, the failure of                               
business relationships, or competing intellectual property claims, the FirstBlood project may                     
no longer be a viable business and may dissolve or fail to launch. 

17) Risk of Malfunction in the FirstBlood Network 

It is possible that the FirstBlood network malfunctions in an unfavorable way, including but                           
not limited to one that results in the loss of 1SŦ, or information concerning a market. 

18) Unanticipated Risks 

Cryptocurrency and cryptographic tokens are a new and untested technology. In addition to                         
the risks set forth here, there are risks that the FirstBlood team cannot anticipate. Risks may                               
further materialize as unanticipated combinations or variations of the risks set forth here. 

25 


