












































 

 

 

 

FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 
 

 

 

 

Whitepaper 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

December 2017 



 

                                        

 

 

                                                    Сontents 
 

 

 Abstract …..…………………………………………………………………………. 3 

 Legal ….………………………………………………………………………………. 4 

1 What is FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM (FCE)? ….……………………......... 8 

2 The Mission of FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM …………………………...... 10 

2.1 FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM – Feedback loop …………………………... 11 

2.2 FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM is a network economy model …........ 12 

3 What is 1000EcoFarms? ……………………………………………………… 14 

3.1 1000EcoFarms by the numbers ………………………………………….. 15 

3.2 Potential of the natural food market …………………………………... 16 

4 Structure and functionality of the FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM … 17 

5 Technology ………………………………………………………………………… 18 

6 The concept of development …………………………………………………. 19 

7 Potential for cooperation ……………………………………………………….. 20 

8 The scheme of work of FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM ……………….. 21 

9 Road map …………………………………………………………………………………. 23 

10 FOODCOIN – the structure and the model ………………………… 25 

11 Economic model & user cases …………………………………………… 30 

12 What is Wallok? ………………………………………………………………………... 38 

13 What is DiPay? ………………………………………………………………………….. 39 

14 What is DIGID? …………………………………………………………………………. 40 

15 What is Smaco? ………………………………………………………………………... 42 

16 What is PRORID? ……………………………………………………………………... 44 

 Conclusion ……………………………………………………………………….... 46 

 

  

  

 

 

 

                                         



Per aspera ad astra 

 

                                                   Abstract  
 

Food, in one way or in another, is the basis for business the activity 

of any person. Food production and sales are and will be growing as the 

population grows. Production of reasonable and quality organic products is 

a problem which becomes more relevant day after day. Small and medium-

scale farmers are the producers of local natural food. According to FAO 

(Food and Agriculture Organization), the world counts with over 500 million 

farmers. The most of them are small producers. 

However, the traditional business models which exist today led the 

major food brands and agricultural corporations to push the small and 

medium-scale producers and processors of agricultural products and 

foodstuffs out from the local markets. The globalization mechanisms help 

them to tighten their domination easily, using their own material and 

immaterial resources, on the markets of countries with less developed 

economies.  

Long chains of agricultural products delivery used by transnational 

corporations, have led to a decline in the consumption of local products. 

That has led, in its turn, to a reduction of the number of small and medium-

scale farms (data from the United States and Europe), increase of the 

average age of farmers (over 58 years), thus lowering the competitiveness, 

turning the heavily fragmented market of agricultural products and 

foodstuffs producers into the market of large corporations and 

intermediaries.  

Therefore, as an example, even in the United States a farmer gets 

only 16 cents for every dollar paid by the final buyer for the products he has 

produced. 2 billion of people on Earth (mostly rural population) do not have 

any access to the banking services and are excluded from the modern 

economic processes. 

We do not set ourselves the task to strive against the transnational 

corporations, and we don’t oppose globalization. We believe that these are 

all attributes of the current moment of the development of our civilization. 

Any form of confrontation leads inevitably to the destruction and losses. But 

we cannot ignore the economic, social and humanitarian expenses of the 

existing models.  

So, our platform will be put up to provide an equal access to a global 

market of production and distribution of consumable goods for the large 

and small producers and consumers of agricultural products and foodstuffs 

together with the modern financial instruments. This might create a vast 

market of organic food with fair prices. 

3                                                                                                                     FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



        

 

                                                   Legal  
 

General information 

In order to fund the development of the FoodCoin ecosystem, token 

that will be sold to the public, in exchange of cryptocurrencies. The 

FoodCoin token is a coin, which will allow the User to access the service 

provided by the 1000EcoFarms platform and network. 

The FoodCoin token does not have the legal qualification of a security, 

since it does not give any rights to dividends or interests. The sale of 

FoodCoin tokens is final and non-refundable. FoodCoin tokens are not 

shares and do not give any right to participate to the general meeting of 

FoodCoin Group AG. FoodCoin tokens cannot have a performance or a 

particular value outside the FoodCoin network. FoodCoin tokens shall 

therefore not be used or purchased for speculative or investment purposes. 

FoodCoin Tokens will not be listed on any regulated stock exchange. Neither 

this Whitepaper nor any other material relating to the Offer, FoodCoin 

Network or FoodCoin Tokens will be or have been filed with regard to legal 

standards such as the Federal Act on Stock Exchanges and Securities 

Trading law, the Financial Market Infrastructure Act, the Collective 

Investment Schemes Act, which are not applicable to this token sale. 

Therefore, laws and acts that ensure that investors are sold investments 

that include all the proper disclosures and are subject to regulatory scrutiny 

for the investors' protection, are not applicable in this case. Every purchaser 

of the FoodCoin Token should receive proper advice in order to understand 

whether the purchase of the Token is appropriate for him or not. 

Anyone purchasing FoodCoin tokens expressly acknowledges and 

represents that she/he has carefully reviewed this white paper and fully 

understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase of 

FoodCoin tokens. 

 

Knowledge required 

The purchaser of FoodCoin tokens undertakes that she/he 

understands and has significant experience of cryptocurrencies, blockchain 

systems and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks associated 

with the crowdsale as well as the mechanism related to the use of 

cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). 

FoodCoin Group AG shall not be responsible for any loss of FoodCoin 

tokens or situations making it impossible to access FoodCoin tokens, which 

may result from any actions or omissions of the user or any person 

undertaking to acquire FoodCoin tokens, as well as in case of hacker attacks. 

4                                                                                                                     FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



Risks 

Acquiring FoodCoin tokens and storing them involves various risks, in 

particular the risk that FoodCoin Group AG may not be able to launch its 

operations and develop its blockchain and provide the services promised. 

Therefore, and prior to acquiring FoodCoin tokens, any user should 

carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits of acquiring FoodCoin tokens 

in the context of the crowdsale and, if necessary, obtain any independent 

advice in this regard. Any interested person who is not in the position to 

accept or to understand the risks associated with the activity (incl. the risks 

related to the non-development of the 1000EcoFarms platform and 

network) or any other risks as indicated in the Terms & Conditions of the 

crowdsale should not acquire FoodCoin tokens.     

 

Important disclaimer 

This white paper shall not and cannot be considered as an invitation 

to enter into an investment. It does not constitute or relate in any way nor 

should it be considered as an offering of securities in any jurisdiction. This 

white paper does not include or contain any information or indication that 

might be considered as a recommendation or that might be used as a basis 

for any investment decision. FoodCoin tokens are just utility tokens which 

can be used only on the 1000EcoFarms platform and network, and are not 

intended to be used as an investment. 

The offering of FoodCoin tokens on a trading platform is done in 

order to allow the use of the 1000EcoFarms platform and network, and not 

for speculative purposes. The offering of FoodCoin tokens on a trading 

platform does not change the legal qualification of the tokens, which remain 

a simple means for the use of the 1000EcoFarms platform and network, and 

are not a security. 

FoodCoin Group AG is not to be considered as an advisor in any legal, 

tax or financial matters. Any information in the white paper is provided for 

general information purposes only and FoodCoin Group AG does not 

provide any warranty as to the accuracy and completeness of this 

information. 

FoodCoin Group AG is not a financial intermediary according to Swiss 

law and is not required to obtain any authorization for Anti Money 

Laundering purposes. 

Acquiring FoodCoin tokens shall not grant any right or influence over 

FoodCoin Group AG’s organization and governance to the Purchasers. 

Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and 

operations associated to cryptocurrencies in the world. In that respect, 

regulatory measures, investigations or actions may impact FoodCoin Group 

AG’s business and even limit or prevent it from developing its operations in 

the future. Any person undertaking to acquire FoodCoin tokens must be 

5                                                                                                                     FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



aware of the FoodCoin Group AG business model, the white paper or terms 

and conditions may change or need to be modified because of new 

regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws in any 

jurisdictions. In such a case, purchasers and anyone undertaking to acquire 

FoodCoin tokens acknowledge and understand that neither FoodCoin 

Group AG nor any of its affiliates shall be held liable for any direct or indirect 

loss or damage caused by such changes. 

FoodCoin Group AG will do its utmost to launch its operations and 

develop the FoodCoin platform. Anyone undertaking to acquire FoodCoin 

tokens acknowledges and understands that FoodCoin Group AG does not 

provide any guarantee that it will manage to achieve it. They acknowledge 

and understand therefore that FoodCoin Group AG (incl. its bodies and 

employees) assumes no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage 

that would result from or relate to the incapacity to use FoodCoin tokens, 

except in case of intentional misconduct or gross negligence. 

 

Representation and warranties 

By participating in the Token Sale, the User agrees to the T&C and in 

particular, they represent and warrant that they: 

• are authorized and have full power to purchase FoodCoin 

tokens according to the laws that apply in their jurisdiction of domicile; 

• are not a U.S. citizen, resident or entity (a “U.S. Person”) nor are 

they purchasing FoodCoin tokens or signing on behalf of a U.S. Person; 

• are familiar with all related regulations in the specific 

jurisdiction in which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic 

tokens in that jurisdiction is not prohibited, restricted or subject to 

additional conditions of any kind; 

• are not acting for the purpose of speculative investment; 

• live in a jurisdiction which allows FoodCoin Group AG to sell the 

FoodCoin tokens through a crowdsale without requiring any local 

authorization; 

• does not live in a jurisdiction which is qualifying token issued 

through a crowd sale as securities; 

• will not use the Token Sale for any illegal activity, including but 

not limited to money laundering and the financing of terrorism; 

• are solely responsible for determining whether the acquisition 

of FoodCoin tokens is appropriate for them; 

• are acquiring FoodCoin tokens exclusively for use of the 

100EcoFarms platform and network; 

• understand the risks associated with the Token Sale (incl. the 

risks related to the non-development of FoodCoin network and operations) 

and 

 

6                                                                                                                     FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



• understand the use of cryptocurrencies and its associated 

risks. 

 

 Governing law and arbitration 

The Client acknowledges and accepts that the FoodCoin ICO 

operation is taking place within a Swiss legal environment that is still under 

development. The Parties agree to seek an amicable settlement prior to 

bringing any legal action. All disputes arising with the white paper provided, 

shall be resolved by arbitration in accordance with the Swiss Rules of 

International Arbitration of the Swiss Chambers of Commerce in force on 

the date when the Notice of Arbitration is submitted in accordance with 

these Rules. The arbitration panel shall consist of one arbitrator only. The 

seat of the arbitration shall be Lucerne, Switzerland. The arbitral 

proceedings shall be conducted in English. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                 

7                                                                                                                     FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



What is FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

(FCE)?  
 

 

 

FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM (FCE) is a blockchain ecosystem, 

architecturally designed to create a global marketplace of food and 

agricultural products on the existing platform of 1000EcoFarms with the 

opportunity to add other platforms.  FCE will be based on Ethereum 

technology as a universal trading platform for businesses dealing with food 

broadly defined. 

The FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM deals will take place with the use of 

smart contracts, while the transactions will accept a proper cryptocurrency 

named FoodCoin (FOOD).   

A wide selection of tools, such as a proper “smart” wallet, a remote 

user identification system, flexibly configurable smart contracts, 

authentication of the origin of food and a proper crypto payment processor, 

will let the business process participants related to food  choose and 

customize the essential platform parameters to reduce current expenses.  

We believe that this wide selection of FCE instruments might be used by the 

farmers, manufacturers of agricultural machinery and fertilizers, farm 

product processors, food manufacturers, cafes and restaurants, food 

delivery services, etc.   

A significant potential may be in using FoodCoin Ecosystem in social 

projects. Using a combination of 1000EcoFarms and FoodCoin as an 

additional alternative social currency for supporting the local systems and 

ensuring the local food and economic security, will revive the local small-

scale food producers and push the local economies to develop. These tools 

will be interesting to the public authorities and municipalities, where 

decisions are controlled by the local communities.  

FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM has the plans to support food and ag start-

ups with the verified model, innovation content and the significant growth 

potential using the platform of 1000EcoFarms and FCE blockchain. The 

special crypto fund will be founded with this aim of view. The purpose of 

fund will be an effective use of liquid money to build an integral ecosystem.  

Another essential scope of using FoodCoin Ecosystem will be non-

profit and charity organizations. The 1000EcoFarms platform has launched 

two charity projects: "Stop Hunger" and "Help A Farmer". Using the 

blockchain technology will simplify the addressed charity at the global level, 

and make these activities completely transparent.  

1 

8                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM is planning to collaborate with government 

and non-government organizations in the integration of blockchain 

technologies to solve actual global problems, such as famine relief, disaster 

relief, climate fluctuation, support of small farmers, uncontrolled global 

migration of agricultural population. 

As a payment instrument, the platform will use its cryptocurrency – 

FoodCoin (FOOD). All the parties of the transactions will freely exchange 

FoodCoin for goods and services, buy and sell FoodCoin on exchange 

markets. 

To ensure the quick and organic launch of the platform, we will use 

strong marketing and training instruments as well as the support of the 

community developed by our project. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

                                 

9                                                                                                                     FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

                                                   The Mission of FOODCOIN 

                            ECOSYSTEM  

  
 

The Mission of FCE as a business platform is to form a fully-featured 

ecosystem, bringing together all economic agents (sellers, distributors, 

buyers, banks, insurance and logistics companies, tax services, customs, 

etc.) into a single blockchain platform. 

Small consumers of agricultural products, such as coffee shops, 

restaurants, grocery stores, gastro-boutiques, will have access to the global 

market proposals directly from the manufacturers, for example, to the 

coffee from a plantation in Kenya, cheese and chocolate  

from a small manufacturer in Switzerland or wine from a small winery in 

France.  

Using FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM and smart contracts, major food 

producers and distributors may substantially reduce their expenses on 

search and identification of new agents and contractors, as well as signing 

and management of new contracts. Our goal is to create a platform with 

simple and clear instruments available for simple farmers and producers 

who are not familiar with the world of blockchain technologies. We 

understand that apart from the technological limitations of blockchain-

platforms, which are going to be solved over time, there are conception 

limitations of the common users, who are not ready (and don’t have to) to 

key into the technology, and should have a wide and convenient set of 

instruments to solve their everyday business tasks as the consumers. Based 

on this we are going to build a platform focused on the customer’s needs. 

Small farmers, as well as the large producers and distributors, will get 

equal access to FCE, creating a comprehensive global competition 

environment for producers of food and agricultural products.  With 

minimum skills, the users will be able to find customers and suppliers, using 

the interactive map of 1000EcoFarms. The smart contracts can be signed 

without involving lawyers, and there is no need to maintain logistics 

departments to connect with logistics companies. Lots of intermediaries will 

be excluded from the transactions, and this will provide significant cost 

savings on signing and managing the contracts. It will allow businesses to 

better compete with the companies which make deals in a traditional way 

(through intermediaries or maintaining large teams of law, logistics, etc.). 

 

                                        

  

2 

10                                                                                                                     FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM – 

Feedback Loop 

 
  

FoodСoin Ecosystem is designed as a transparent and accessible 

system with simple registration procedure and the opportunity to enter 

one’s profile by a click. Transparency and accessibility of the platform are 

important for the growth and development of ecosystem under the 

conditions of new economy and form the basis of the project.   Blockchain 

technology does not require a climate of trust among the parties of the 

transactions. It creates the environment that will guarantee protection 

against fraud without any need to trust the other party. The focus on 

internal security and feedback loop are of great importance in the 

architecture of the platform to enhance the security of the transactions. 

 Every successful transaction that was first initiated within the system 

and had a weak initial impulse (because of the lack of trust) get quite 

another (larger impulse) and the tendency to be repeated if it has passed all 

the stages and has been completed successfully. But at the re-initialization, 

it will have more significant input impulse that will grow further while 

moving to the completion. Thus a classic feedback loop put into practice 

within the balanced ecosystem with sufficient selection of instruments will 

be generated. 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 
 

 

2.1 

11                                                                                                                    FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM – 

Network Economic Model 
  

  

FoodCoin Ecosystem is a network economic model that consolidates 

farmers, buyers of natural food, restaurants and grocery shops owners, 

members of buying clubs, manufacturers and distributors, logistics and 

transport companies, customs brokers, insurance companies, state 

certification authorities as well as customs and tax authorities. 

Operating procedures within the platform and instruments for their 

execution such as payment instruments and identification systems are 

made for every type of users. 

Global marketplace will provide sellers, distributors and 

manufacturers with the unlimited access to new markets, the opportunity 

to work both in local and global markets, the instruments for strategic 

market research and business development planning. Using them 

manufacturers and sellers will get a chance to make up for a shortfall of 

current assets thus becoming competitive market players alongside with 

major manufacturers and networks. 

Having become the members of the platform, buyers and sellers will 

get direct access to each other including private communication using the 

integrated messenger. Network economy model will produce synergies for 

all members of the ecosystem using co-operation with each other in 

feedback loop system. 

Thus the buyers will get access to the unlimited range of the original, 

high-quality and low-priced goods and the sellers will get the growing flow 

of favorably disposed consumers. 

Getting access to FoodCoin Ecosystem state and control 

organizations will get a convenient tool for financial crimes enforcement 

(tax avoidance, struggle against counterfeit, etc.). 

Being a marketplace with a variety of essential and useful 

instruments, FoodCoin Ecosystem provides cost minimization and access to 

financing and global marketing. Its users will get a technological competitive 

advantage, the grounds for business expansion and the opportunity to 

meet competition in this field.  

 

 

 

 

 

2.2 

12                                                                                                                     FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



Network Economic Model 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

13                                                                                                                    FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

What is 1000EcoFarms? 
  

  

 

 

1000Ecofarms agreed to become an early adopter of FoodCoin 

Ecosystem because the tools created by the FoodCoin Ecosystem can be 

useful for users of 1000Ecofarms. In turn, FoodCoin Ecosystem is interested 

in 1000Ecofarms platform because it has the necessary infrastructure to 

attract farmers and food producers, as well as the possibility to provide 

them with convenient tools of FoodCoin Ecosystem. At the first stage, 

1000Ecofarms platform has integrated the FoodCoin token as one of the 

payment methods for buying and selling food and sending and receiving 

donations for farmers. 

1000EcoFarms is a global marketplace for B2B and B2C projects   

 on the natural food market.  

 The 1000EcoFarms project became the first global natural food 

marketplace which enables its users to make and accept payments   

 for food with crypto currency. 

The users of 1000EcoFarms have access to the instruments of direct 

marketing and the opportunity to sign agreements online, to make and 

accept various types of payment (by cash, credit cards, PayPal and crypto 

currency). 

1000EcoFarms offers its users unique services designed for business 

models such as buying clubs, food coops, CSA and herd shares (for users 

from the US). Users get access to the platform via browser, as well as mobile 

devices. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                        

3 

14                                                                                                                     FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

1000EcoFarms by the numbers 
  

  

 

 

• Offices in the United States (Bethesda, MD) and Russia (Moscow); 

• Over 4000 registered users;  

• Over 700 sellers in the United States and Russia (approximately 50/50); 

• Users registered on 5 continents (Canada, Mexico, Great Britain, Costa 

Rica, India, Australia, Malawi, Nigeria, Ukraine, Belarus, and others);  

• Over 2000 products on the site;  

• The sales start from October 2016. Average growth 20% per month; 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                        

3.1 

15                                                                                                                     FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

Potential of the natural food 

market 
  

  

Over $ 1 trillion healthy food market worldwide (source: 

Euromonitor) 

70% of customers in the United States willing to pay more for local 

products (source:   ATKearney) 

8669 of farmers markets in the United States. Growth by 98% over 10 

years (source:   USDA)  

$ 602 billion: grocery retail sales in the United States (source: Statista)  

12-16% of all food will be sold online until 2023 (source:   AT Kearney)  

51% of customers believe that local products are underrepresented 

on the market (source:   AT Kearney)  

23% of agricultural sales are made on the farms with a turnover of 

less than $250 k (source:   USDA) 

 Less than 16 cents for each dollar spent by the buyer on the products 

come to the farmer in the United States (source:   VDACS). 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                        

3.2 

16                                                                                                                    FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

Structure and functionality of 

the FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 
  

  

The implementation of the FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM project involves 

creating of several basic functions essential for the quick and low-cost 

transfer of the main traditional types of economic interactions among 

various blockchain platform users: 

• database in a distributed ledger; 

• own crypto currency – the FoodCoin (FOOD) *;  

• multi-functional advanced crypto wallet – the Wallok **; 

• own payment system – the DiPay (DP) ***; 

• remote user verification – the DIGID ****;  

• system for smart contracts multisign – the Smaco *****; 

• product authentication – the Product Origin ID (PRORID) 

******.  

 

FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM will have a hierarchical and customizable 

system for the data access (personal, corporate, as well as smart contracts 

data, transactions, guarantees, etc.).  

Each element of the FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM structure will represent 

a tool, organically linked with the rest of the platform, but capable to 

operate as an independent element.  

More detailed information about each element of the structure will 

be presented below. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                        

 

4 

17                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

Technology 
  

 

 

 

 Ethereum-based blockchain will be used as a technological solution 

to build FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM. This technology was selected mainly 

because it allows you to optimally combine a distributed database storage 

system, smart contracts and remote user identification on the platform.  

Technically, FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM will provide a peer-to-peer 

network of associated nodes (for data processing and storage). Each node 

stores a complete copy of the FCE blockchain. These nodes are provided in 

the architecture both of a private and open blockchain structure to 

maximize the protection against unauthorized data modification.  

A private blockchain structure model formed within a corporate 

entity will constitute a closed system and will be available only to users with 

private keys.  

This mechanism will have a flexible customizable hierarchical 

structure allowing to include or exclude from the monitoring and 

administration of the objects such as smart contracts, various departments, 

and services within the company, as well as external parties, such as partner 

banks, insurance and logistics companies, customs brokers, tax services, 

etc. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                        

5 

18                                                                                                                    FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

 

The concept of development 
  

 

 

 

The advantages of FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM concept consists in the 

fact that our easily scalable platform does not imply confrontation with 

traditional financial institutions, excluding the competition with them as the 

cause of counteraction from their part. Instead, FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM will 

offer banks a cooperation and a wide range of instruments to generate new 

sources of income and profit channels. 

Banks will be offered a key role in the work of FCE: 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

To date, the banks have a reliable and a proven user identification 

and verification system, both for legal bodies and individuals. For sure, the 

banks which work with FCE customers will be ready to confirm the reliability 

of data of their customers to make transactions. The loyalty to the 

FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM on behalf of the banks will potentially generate a 

flow of new fresh and active clients. In addition, the banks will be interested 

in offering their new "digital" and "crypto" clients such services as the 

warranter of escrow payments and an exit gateway to the cryptocurrency 

exchange markets. 

Bank 

DIGID user verifier (as 

one of the required 

participants of the 

verification consensus) 

6 

ESCROW 

payments 

warranter 

 

Cryptocurrency 

exchange exit 

gateway 

 

Smaco contracts (as 

one of the required 

participants of the 

verification consensus) 

 

19                                                                                                                    FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



                                     

 

Potential for cooperation 
  

 

 

 

Since a major part of FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM instruments refers to 

the fintech sphere, its cooperation with traditional and online banks seems 

to be obviously perspective for the development of the platform. Moreover, 

telecommunication companies with their wide database of identified users, 

legal, insurance and logistics companies, numerous services of trade 

management on the local, national or international level, should be an 

extensive basis for cooperation.  

There are two key factors that will motivate future partnerships:  

• quick integration into the realities of the new global digital 

economy with new sources of income;  

• the risk of exclusion from the trade transaction chain and 

reduction of the customer base with global implementation of 

the blockchain. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                        

7 

20                                                                                                                    FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

The scheme of FOODCOIN 

ECOSYSTEM work  
  

 

 

FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM will be a balanced ecosystem providing a set 

of instruments, initially created to work on 1000EcoFarms. Further on these 

instruments will be used on other platforms as well through open sources 

and API. 

Smart contracts Smaco will be available as a library of standard and 

optionally customizable contracts and will be in the middle of FCE. All the 

users will be able to customize them easily to solve various problems (with 

standard and optional features).  

The users will interact within the platform using the Wallok 

cryptowallets. Numerous partners who have got identification resources 

(banks, mobile network operators, notaries, insurance companies, etc.) will 

act as user verifiers and escrow payments warranters. DiPay payments 

processor will conduct fiat and cryptocurrency transactions quickly and 

easily.  

Over time, the public fiscal bodies will automatically connect to the 

smart contracts for online monitoring of the business activity, eliminating 

potential fraud with taxes (customs duties, excise taxes, income taxes, etc.). 

Thus, the State structures responsible for the effective collection of taxes 

will be interested in transferring real deals to the blockchain platform. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

8 

21                                                                                                                    FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

1000EcoFarms – 

Blockchain trading platform 
 

User database with interactive map (personal and corporate Included 

DIGID (Digital Identity Verification Platform) 

 

 

 

 
 

 

   
FCE Internal Subjects FCE External Subjects Governmental Subjects 

 

 

 

 

                                        

 

Tax authority 

 

 

Customs authority 

 

Insurance company 

 
Customs authority 

 

FCE User 

(Seller) 

 

Smart-contract (Smaco) 

FCE User  

(Buyer) 

 

 

FCE 

Wallet 

 

DiPay 

Cryptopayment 

processing service 

 
Escrow-payment (based 

on partner service) 

 Cryptocurrency exchanges 

(based on partner service) 

 

FCE 

Wallet 

 

22                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

Road map 
  

 

 

Implementation of the FCE project will go through several stages: 

1.  Market research (August 2017) 

This round is necessary to test the concept of FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

among potential investors and to assess the level of perception of the 

project. 

2. Establishing an Office in Lucerne, Switzerland (November 2017) 

Switzerland is one of the few jurisdictions loyal to blockchain projects. 

Also, the economy of Switzerland is founded on three pillars: finance, 

agriculture, high-tech production. Thus, the two directions out of the three 

combine perfectly in our project. Therefore, Switzerland will be the starting 

point of the European direction in the development of 1000EcoFams and 

FCE. 

3. Token Generation Event. Sale. 1-st stage (December 2017) 

At this stage, first FoodCoin tokens will be issued. 

FoodСoin smart contract in the Ethereum network is the first version 

of our internal payment system. The next stage of development of our 

internal payment system is to create a software independent in its work 

from the infrastructure of the Ethereum (eg, Ethereum miners).Thus, we 

shall be able to significantly extend the functionality of the payment system 

and to bring it to a new level.  

When upgrading to the new version of FoodCoin, users will be 

provided with a range of tools for a voluntary transition from the old to the 

new version of the software (export of tokens into coins). Export from the 

old version to the new one will be available for the unlimited period of time, 

but technical support will be limited in time 

It is easy to imagine such a transition with the example of text 

documents. There is a simple and old txt format that allows you to store 

simple text data (this is the analogue of FoodCoin of the first version). But 

you can open a text document in MS Word, add pictures and formatting, 

and save to doc (the equivalent of FoodCoin version 2). After changing txt to 

doc, you get a lot of new functions, but you will not be able to read your 

documents in simple text editors, like a notepad. 

There is no right to change the old coin with the new one, since 

FoodCoin will have the sole discretion to decide if and when it will change 

from the Ethereum blockchain to another system. 

4.  Development of internal multifunctional multisig wallet Wallok 

(December 2018).  

9 

23                                                                                                                    FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



5. Launching of Smaco smart contracts for closed and open 

blockchains with a flexible customizable hierarchy of access and 

administration (May 2019). 

6. Development of DIGID technology (remote user identification) 

(December 2019) 

7. PRORID – products and goods origin authentication system 

 (October 2020).  

8. DiPay - development of internal payment processor system. 

Launching of this tool will be able after receiving of all kind of 

Authorisations. (May 2021) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                        

24                                                                                                                    FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

FOODCOIN – the structure and 

the model 
 

  

FoodCoin (FOOD) is a cryptocurrency underlying the FoodCoin 

ecosystem as the payment instrument within its blockchain. It should be 

noted that at the Token Generation Event stage when the FoodCoin 

blockchain is not available yet the ERC-20 tokens will be issued. Initial 

followers and the FCE community members can purchase these tokens to 

support the project and give it a chance to be executed. 

FoodCoin token is issued to launch own internal payment and 

financial FCE instruments and for full local and international activity on the 

basis of various platforms such as 1000EcoFarms and the others. 

The FoodCoin tokens will be issued in 2 stages, during the Token 

Generation Event.  

- The first stage of the TGE will include the market research and the 

ERC-20 tokens initial distribution. Market research was 

successfully carried out in August-September 2017 and revealed a 

high interest in the project and concern around the world with the 

problems of production and fair distribution of food. 

- All tokens that were distributed at the first round of TGE will be 

the basis for the calculation of the total amount of tokens and 

later of the FoodCoin cryptocoins. All the ERC-20 tokens 

distributed at the first round of TGE will make 9% of the total 

amount of tokens (and later of full-value FoodCoin cryptocoins) 

that will be issued by the FoodCoin blockchain. 

- At the second round of TGE another 31% of the ERC-20 tokens 

will be distributed according the current exchange rate. Thus, the 

total amount of tokens distributed among the initial FCE followers 

will be 40%. The second round of FCE will take place before 

FoodCoin blockchain is ready for launch. It will be the same token 

ERC-20 with the same functionality as on the first phase of theTGE. 

During the TGE the rate of 1 FoodCoin will be: 

1 FOOD = 0,0001 ETH 

ERC-20 tokens will start to be freely accessed and exchanged on 

specialized crypto-exchanges after the end of the 1st stage of TGE.  Thus the 

market price of the FoodCoin cryptocurrency will be established for the 

moment of its appearance. 

 

10 

25                                                                                                                    FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



The rest 60% of the total amount of cryptocoins will be distributed as 

follows: 

10% - social projects 

20% - ecosystem development 

15% - founder  

10% - miners after creating of FoodCoin blockchain  

2,5% - advisory board  

2,5% - team 

 

 

 
 

 

The development fund will be a separate fund and its activity will be 

determined by the problems of maintaining and developing an integrated 

ecosystem. 

The miners reward will consist of 2 elements. They include the issue 

of FoodCoins in favor of the miners for the work done as well as the fee that 

he transaction participants will voluntarily assign for the confirmation of 

 

 26                                                                                                                    FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 their transactions.  Over time, when the amount of emission 

intended for mining will be equal to 10% of the total volume of emissions, 

the miners will no longer receive compensation from the FoodCoin 

Ecosystem itself but will continue to receive a commission for confirmation 

of transactions.  The volume of emissions for the miners should ensure 

sufficient time for the FoodCoin Ecosystem to reach operating conditions. 

As soon as the issue becomes impossible the mining will be maintained by 

the internal fees established and balanced by the participants themselves 

within the ecosystem. Mining programs will be available and the mining 

model will allow everybody to make confirmation of the transactions within 

the chain thus excluding the possibility of the artificially inflating prices for 

the confirmation of the transactions. The fee for the activity within the 

blockchain will be determined by the market itself. 

The Social projects fund will be developed in cooperation with various 

specialized government, non-government and non-commercial 

organizations dealing with the problems of fighting hunger, support of local 

farmers, food and agro projects, climate change problems, etc.  The 

spending will be targeted and will be accompanied by information support 

so that all members of the community and the owners of the FoodCoins can 

evaluate the results of this activity.  

The advisory board fund will be founded to attract high-quality 

experts in blockchain field, IT, logistics, social policy, monetary policy, 

investments and credit policy.  

The team fund will be used to stimulate the project stuff and enlarge 

their number. 

FoodCoin is not a type of stock or any other security, and it should 

not be considered as an investment instrument. 

FoodCoin is an internal payment instrument to be used on   

 1000EcoFarms platform and other platforms. The main task of the 

FoodCoin cryptocurrency is to ensure the seamless operation of FoodCoin 

Ecosystem. 

The cost and value of the FOOD can vary over time, both upward and 

downward. The FOOD will be traded on various exchanges that will 

determine the cost and rate value to other crypto and fiat currencies, in 

accordance with the demand and proposal. 

FoodСoin cannot and should not be purchased for purposes other 

than those declared in the FCE program.   

We warn that the potential risks of using FoodCoin as an investment 

or speculative instrument fall completely with those who decide to use 

FOOD for investment or speculation. 

 

                                      

 

27                                                                                                                    FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

 

Funds allocation 

 
  

 

The funds collected at TGE will be used to achieve the goals set out in 

this Whitepaper. 

Since we believe that at the 1-st. stage the community should 

evaluate the market potential itself. 

FoodCoin will build its ecosystem depending on the volume of funds 

contributed to the TGE. 

Min. Cap. is 3 000 ETH 

Max. cap at the 1-st stage is 125 000 ETH. 

3 000 ETH  - FoodCoin blockchain and Wallok (internal wallet v.1) 

20 000 ETH – Creating Smaco (FoodCoin smart-contract system) 

40 000 ETH – DIGID launching (remote identity service) 

60 000 ETH - PRORID (product origin authentication system) 

launching. 

80 000 ETH – DiPay (payment processor) 

100 000 ETH – Accelarator for the food&ag start-ups that have 

already   got the ultimate product and customers, and are ready to develop 

together with FoodCoin Ecosystem 

125 000 ETH – Social projects for local food development   

 

28                                                                                                                    FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 
 

 

 20% Marketing 

 20% The team (the involvement of highly qualified experts in the 

field of blockchain) 

 15% Infrastructure development of FoodCoin Ecosystem 

 5% Loyalty program to attract new online trading platforms 

(online shops, local marketplaces) 

 14% Operating costs 

 6% TGE related costs 

 10% Social projects (the use of FoodCoin as an alternative 

currency to stimulate local food&ag businesses 

 5% Development of an accelerator for the food&ag start-ups that 

have already got the ultimate product and customers, and are 

ready to develop together with FoodCoin Ecosystem) 

 5% Experts and advisers 

 

 

 

 

29                                                                                                                    FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

Economic model & user cases 

 
 

  

 

FoodCoin is a decentralized blockchain platform that allows you to 

organize money circulation, social and business processes between a large 

number of independent economic agents without trust to a single center or 

any member of the network. 

The introduction of a community currency and a technical blockchain 

infrastructure leads to the simplification of settlements and the automation 

of processes, thus leading to the elimination of intermediaries that are 

common for centralized systems. As a result, all members of the process 

(members of the chain of production, supply and consumption of food) 

receive a significant increase in efficiency and reduction of costs. 

All the advantages and user-cases of the platform can be divided into 

2 large categories -  social and economic. 

A social user-case is a way of using a platform that leads to an 

additional value, the cost of which cannot be measured directly. However, 

this value is essential for all (or most) parties to a transaction / process and 

is of apparent interest. 

For example, the trust in the product in the supply-chain, since there 

is its tracking from production stage to sales, reducing routine work, 

automation of processes that were likely to fail in a centralized system. 

Providing work opportunities that were previously impossible, etc. 

The economic user-case is a way of using the platform, which leads 

to the mutual economic benefit of the target participants of the process. 

This is reflected in the mutual reduction of costs for the transaction process, 

as well as on the reduction of the cost of intermediaries in the price 

structure of the goods. 

For example, this is expressed in a decrease in the cost of goods for 

the final customer, because there is no income of several intermediaries in 

the structure of its price. At the same time, this situation is also profitable 

for the manufacturer, since the elimination of intermediaries enables him 

to increase his margin, which will allow him to further develop production 

of goods while reducing the final cost to the consumer. 

The humanitarian user-case is the result of using the platform that 

leads to the solution of a significant humanitarian problem. Usually, this is 

the result of the effective work to solve economic and social problems in a 

particular territory. This is due to the fact that the nature of inequality is 

11 

 30                                                                                                                  FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



usually found in the economic and political structure. Frequently, the 

instability of the political system leads to a significant increase in the risks 

of investment, investments do not come, so the standard of living is low, 

there is no possibility to introduce modern farming methods and pay for 

exits to product markets. All this leads to the fact that despite the fertile 

land, excellent climate and production opportunities, the farmer does not 

have the opportunity to sell his goods to the foreign market, or gives this 

function to the intermediary who solves this issue. In this case, the products 

are bought at a knockdown price and resold in rich jurisdictions much more 

expensive. Thus, the consumer does not have the opportunity to buy quality 

products at an adequate price, and the farmer cannot emerge from poverty. 

And this is a vicious circle. 

In this case, the decentralized system is the technical basis for 

building transparent and predictable social and economic relations. The 

most significant points are the following: independent monetary circulation, 

the possibility of building automatically-executable contracts (smart-

contracts), fixing obligations and reputation, building transparent supply 

chains, transparent systems of support and distribution of funds. 

It should be noted that the optimization of the supply chain is one of 

the most important tasks in this system. There are two types of 

intermediaries in these chains: intermediaries-parasites and intermediaries 

that create real value added in the process of their work. As the first 

category (parasites), we consider resellers and those who use the fact that 

the farmer has no out-reach to the final consumer or distributor and add a 

significant part of the price, without increasing the value of the product. 

Intermediaries that add real value is the category of entities, which include 

logistics companies, customs brokers, consignment warehouses, banks, 

insurance companies. These intermediaries allow you to carry out the 

necessary work, for example, qualitative delivery of cargo, its customs 

clearance (in the current reality, it is necessary to formalize relations with 

state bodies when crossing borders), and so on. 

Let us consider the technical mechanics of the platform. Globally, you 

can divide all the directions into the following: 

1. Token FOOD as a technical unit (gas) for the platform and token 

FOOD as a currency token and its circulation for mutual settlements of 

economic agents on the platform. 

2. The system of smart contracts (digital contracts). Apply of one or 

more contracts to organize the supply chain in the B2B, B2C, P2P models. 

3. The system of digital reputation of economic agents 

4. The ability to register their own manufactured goods on the 

blockchain (for use in paragraph 2). 

5. The ability to create their own derivative currencies of local 

communities on the FoodCoin blockchain 

31                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



6. Possibility of flexible construction of additional user-cases of the 

platform using the smart-contracts 

Technical capabilities are just the foundation for social processes. Let 

us consider the social processes on the platform (items are saved): 

1. The independent currency of the community allows you to make 

mutual settlements in a convenient format, without borders and obstacles. 

Reliable fixing of payment and security. 

2. The system of smart-contracts (digital contracts) allows you to 

conduct a supply chain from the manufacturer to the final consumer or 

distributor in the region transparently and with a minimum of complexities. 

Only the intermediaries that create value are involved in the chain and their 

services are clearly regulated by time and cost. 

3. Digital reputation motivates users to conduct honest long-term 

business and is a significant additional value in the market 

4. An important aspect for the formation of supply chains and 

identification by the farmer of his goods in digital form 

5. Certain local communities can issue their own currency on the 

basis of FOOD crypto currency for internal mutual settlements. This will 

create an additional cost base, which, if necessary, can be used to support 

the activities of the economy (you will find the example later) 

It should be noted that all of the above-mentioned items contain 

mainly a technical basis (and as a consequence, induce social processes) 

that convert the opportunity to supply goods and eliminate unnecessary 

intermediaries. In addition, marketplaces (one of them is 1000EcoFarms) 

will be implemented, where buyers and sellers will be able to find each other 

and further use all the technical and social benefits for mutual settlements. 

Let us consider the general scheme of the economy of the platform: 

 

 

 

32                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 
 

 

  

The economy of the FoodCoin platform has a digital payment unit 

FOOD. The number of FOOD is limited mathematically and is embedded in 

the source code. The users interact within the system, transferring tokens 

to each other. The platform has a closed economy and interacts with the 

outside world through the exchange, where the FOOD rate to other 

currencies and digital assets is determined. FOOD is the basic asset on the 

platform. When the local currencies of the community of the platform users 

are created, their circulation is carried out according to the same scheme, 

with the exchange for FOOD on the internal decentralized exchange. 

With reference to the fiat currencies of the outside world, the FOOD 

token refers to a deflationary model because of the limited emission. The 

value of the token depends on its demand for the community and, as a 

consequence, the ratio of BUY / SELL orders on the exchange (the price of 

the asset can only be determined in the transaction). Obviously, if the 

system is in demand in the outside world, the FOOD token will be regularly 

bought for fiat currencies or other crypto-currencies. 

 

Closed condition is an important point of monetary circulation. 

Closed condition means that the token will mostly apply for goods and 

services within the platform, i.e. without selling it for another currency. For 

Other currency 

 

Exchange 

 

User 1 

 

User 4 

 

User 2 

 
User 3 

 

User 5 

 

33                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



example, a farmer who received FOOD in payment for the goods paid for 

the work of his contractors and raw materials to produce his products in 

FOOD tokens, and the producer of raw materials then bought something 

else and so on: 

 

 

 
 

 

 

It is obvious that the goal is to create such a community on the 

platform and such value from participation in the community so that the 

duration of the token circulation (the number of transactions before 

entering the exchange for sale) was the maximum. Then the price of the 

token will be stable due to a decrease in the offer on the exchange;  and in 

the deflationary model, together with an increase in interest and new users 

on the platform, it will lead to an increase in the price of the token in the 

long term. 

We have considered the simple turnover of the token on the platform. 

Now let us consider a real case of selling a product by a farmer using supply-

chain technology to a consumer from another country (see the figure 

below). The fulfillment of the terms of the smart-contract is checked at every 

stage of the chain. The conduct of operational activities in the collaboration 

with the mentioned intermediary structures through a smart-contract will 

automate the process and make it transparent. In addition, delivery 

monitoring is planned including the use of sensors T, pressure and others 

on delivery to monitor compliance with the transport conditions of the 

product. Using this system a farmer can essentially conduct a p2p or b2b 

Farmer 1 

 

Raw materials 

provider 

 

Exchange 

 

Consumer 

 payment in FOOD coins 

 

FOOD coins 

 

FOOD coins BUY 

 

FOOD coins SELL 

 

34                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



transaction when the remaining links in the chain work according to a given 

algorithm with an understandable execution control. 

 

 

 

 

 
 

It is obvious that the elemental case is a p2p sale by sending a private 

parcel, however it limits the quantity of goods and narrows the conditions 

of dispatch. Therefore, the case of full delivery of goods in the current reality 

from a farmer from one country to another was considered. It is important 

to note that the bank can act as a transaction verifier, and the services of 

service providers (customs brokers, logistics companies) can be paid from 

the funds deposited on the contract. Further, these organizations 

(theoretically, in the presence of legislation) can exchange these tokens into 

a fiat currency on the stock exchanges. In this approach, it is important that 

it is possible to send a p2p delivery essentially, automating other 

intermediate iterations, making this path simple in terms of routine and 

transparent. 

Using supply-chain on the platform allows not only to automate the 

delivery process but also to identify the history of the product's origin: 

 

 

Farmer  

 

Logistic company 1 

 

Temporary storage + customs broker  

 

Country border 

 

Temporary 

storage + 

customs  

broker 2  

 

Logistic  

company 2 

 

Consumer 

 

Bank 

 

Insurance  

company 

 

Smart Contract 

 

+ Condition 1 

+ Condition 2 

+ Condition 3 

 

 

35                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

 

 
 

This scheme assumes that wheat, flour and butter were produced by 

farmers with the identification of the product with the help of a blockchain 

system. Thus, the consumer knows from what products this bread is baked 

of, and (ideally) also the structure of the price of this bread. 

Thus, as indicated above, the platform allows farmers, consumers 

and other process participants to interact transparently and in the most 

automated manner. This allows you to remove parasitic intermediaries and 

reduce costs, reducing the final price of the product for the consumer and 

increasing the margin for the farmer by optimizing the price structure. 

Further, we should discuss the introduction by local regional farmers 

associations of their local currencies and their place and the value created 

in the FoodCoin ecosystem. 

First of all, the creation of FoodCoin and other currencies on the 

platform is aimed at creating a universal payment instrument in the 

community. This payment instrument creates a capitalization of value (in 

fact, a little new monetary base is created), which allows to reduce the deficit 

of working capital. A significant problem in farms in developing countries is 

the high cost of loans and the difficulty of obtaining them. Therefore, in the 

future, it is logical to issue local currencies for many communities around 

the world.  

  

 

Wheat 

 

Flour 

 

Bread 

 

Oil 

 

Consumer 

 

Sell for  

FOOD 

Coins  

 

Elevator 

 

36                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 
 

Thus, monetary circulation on the platform will be supplemented with 

local currencies in the future. All such local currencies will support the 

capitalization of the main asset - FOOD. Releasing their local currencies, 

farmers' communities will be able to resolve liquidity shortages. 

Thus, we have discussed the aspects of monetary circulation (the 

deflationary model, the length of circulation before entering the exchange, 

the model of the supply chain, the creation of local currencies). 

Conclusion: The value of the platform is to eliminate numerous 

intermediaries, optimize costs, build simple and transparent ways of 

forming supply and payment chains. One of the important cases is the 

possibility of creating their own currencies for local farmers' communities, 

which can help to solve the problem of high cost of money and lack of 

liquidity within one closed community or a set of such communities. Using 

all solutions (economic, social and technical) together, it is possible to 

achieve a completely new level of the agricultural products disposal and 

farming activities by the mechanisms of adding value to the system. Value 

is not taken anywhere, it is formed by the community itself through active 

use of the payment instruments and technologies.                                       

 

Food Coin 
 

Local Coin 1 

 

Local Coin 4 

 

Local Coin 5 

 

Local Coin 6 

 

Local Coin 2 

 

Local Coin 3 

 

37                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

What is Wallok?  
  

 

 

 

 

Wallok is a smart multi-level multi-currency wallet. You can create 

both as a unique wallet for your smartphone and synchronize it with other 

devices (PC, tablet, smart watch, etc.) 

Functional FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM Wallet will allow users to: 

• To ореn multi-currency accounts and crypto-currencies 

• To  issue invoices and pay bills 

• To use only one or both of wallet levels (Vault or Air) 

• To make instant and free transactions (on Vault level)  

• To have access to exchange operations and conversion of fiat 

and crypto-currencies 

• To use the integrated messenger 

 

Vault is the most secure level of storage and flow of funds that will 

be held in within the platform and among the Wallok users. Transactions 

that take place between Wallok users at the Vault level, may have additional 

confirmation function. 

Air is the level for advanced blockchain users who make payments 

using the external wallets. 

A Wallok wallet will have an implementation for using it for business 

and personal tasks. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                        

 

12 

38                                                                                                                  FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

What is DiPay? 
  

 

 

 

 

DiPay is a 2-level cryptopayments processing service.  

 

As part of DiPay processing, the following features will be available: 

• creating mobile multi-sig cryptowallets; 

• safe cryptoassets storage; 

• free and instant payments within the platform; 

• the option of issuing and receiving bills/invoices 

• buying and selling cryptocurrencies in online mode; 

• recurring payments; 

• binding to bank accounts and cards; 

• integration with third-party software (for restaurants, 

accounting, inventory control, etc.). 

 

DiPay will be an extended version of the wallet Wallok with API for 

integrating with third-party services. 

For the implementation of DiPay, partner banks having blockchain-

technologies loyal jurisdiction will be connected. DiPay will have an API to 

connect to third-party services and resources.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                        

13 

39                                                                                                                 FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

  
 



 

What is DIGID? 
  

 

 

 

 

DIGID (Digital Identity Verification Platform) is a remote user 

verification system built on a decentralized Ethereum-based blockchain 

platform.  

Full application of blockchain technology in the business 

environment would be impossible without powerful and secure user 

identification tools.  

 User identification will be voluntary, but at the same time, an 

essential condition to participate in the platform in its business 

implementation. 

 

How is the user identified? 

• The parties of a smart contract transaction can request a one-

way or mutual verification to the other party of the transaction. 

For this purpose, parties of a transaction exchange DIGID 

username public keys (tokens). In order to get a full DIGID, the 

user will have to obtain a confirmation of its profile from a third 

party platform user. 

• The user is identified only once and it remains so in the system 

as a digital entry forever and can be requested automatically 

during the verification request. 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

14 

40                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

DIGID 

Digital Indentity Verification 

Blockchain Platform 
 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                        

 

By Notary 

By Pension 

Fund  

By Insurance 

company 

By credit 

Bureau 

By Bank(s) 

Confirmed 

User 

Identifier  

(Identity Requester) 

Confirmed 

User 

Requester 

NODE 

41                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

What is Smaco? 
  

 

 

Smaco (Smart Contract) is a flexibly administered smart contract 

with the function of multiple inputs and outputs. Smaco will have integrated 

horizontal and vertical connections between the transaction parties. 

A smart contract will be managed by one or more administrators. A 

hierarchy with rights will be configured by an FCE user who created the 

smart contract.  

All administrators horizontally integrated into the current smart 

contract will have the same rights and cannot be removed or restricted in 

smart contract management rights after signing it. 

Each administrator will be able to create a vertically integrated private 

blockchain for personal service within the current smart contract. The 

administrators will not have access to private blockchain of another 

administrator. 

Additional parties to the transaction can be invited by the 

administrators on their own initiative or on the basis of consensus, and 

become either parties or verifiers of the current smart contract. 

An open library of standard Smaco contracts with an intuitive 

interface for connecting additional options will be created.  

 Creating and maintaining Smaco contracts will not require programming 

skills. Working with Smaco will be usable for everyone. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                        

 

 

15 

42                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

Smaco control panel 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

                                        

43                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

What is PRORID? 
 

 

 

 

 

PRORID is products and goods origin authentication system.  

Actually, PRORID will be a type of Ethereum-based smart contract. 

An essential condition to prove the origin of the goods or product in 

the PRORID system will consist in signing a smart contract by one or more 

experts (public, commercial or private) with an undisputed authority in 

matters of origin authentication of the goods that are the subject of an 

agreement in the framework of the current Smaco contract.  

If a smart contract includes a PRORID feature, the logistics company 

will be obliged to accept the goods only after confirmation from the experts 

on the current smart contract based on the consensus between the parties 

of the contract.  

PRORID integration with the electronic databases of public fiscal, 

customs and supervisory authorities will significantly limit the circulation of 

illegal, counterfeit and other illicit trafficking products and goods, thus 

making a significant contribution to the fight against economic crimes. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

16 

44                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

1000EcoFarms - PRORID 

Product Origin Identity Service 

(Included DIGID (Digital ID Service) 

 
 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

Authentication experts 

Cryptocurrency exchanges 

(based on partner service) 

 

FCE User 

(Seller) 

Logistic 

company  

Tax authority Customs authority 

Insurance 

company 

FCE User 

(Buyer) 

 
FCE Wallet 

FCE Wallet 
Smart-contract (Smaco) 

DiPay 

Cryptopayment processing service 

 

Escrow Payment 

(based on partner service) 

 

45                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 



 

                                        

 

 

Conclusion 
  

 

 

This document set out a conceptual vision of the FCE ecosystem. This 

concept is based on the understanding that the dynamic changes in the 

mentality of consumers have an equally dynamic and often dramatic impact 

on numerous markets. All the elements of sales chains are experiencing 

discomfort from changes (from small farmers to large banks and insurance 

companies). Creating and developing the 1000EcoFarms platform, we can 

see how users' requests change. The consumers are no longer willing to 

restrict themselves by the established frames which may now be called 

obsolete. We see the solution in the use of new technologies and their 

implementations.  

Blockchain technology is certainly promising and is at a very early 

stage of its development. We strive to create workable and comprehensive 

solutions for personal and corporate use.  

The decision to issue our own cryptocurrency in several steps should 

demonstrate the relevance of this concept on the one hand, and to enable 

to smooth out excessive volatility on the other, in case of high demand.   

Creating and developing the FoodCoin ecosystem, comfortable and 

useful for many purposes, we accelerate the beginning of a new era of 

development of the food production and consumption market.  

 

 

46                                                                                                                   FOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM 

 
 


