






















 

 

FUNDREQUEST 

 

A​ ​DECENTRALIZED​ ​MARKETPLACE​ ​FOR​ ​OPEN​ ​SOURCE 
COLLABORATION 

 
 
 

Version​ ​1.2 
November​ ​1st,​ ​2017 

www.fundrequest.io  

1 



Executive​ ​Summary 
Today, open source software is a vital component in the functioning of governments,             

large and small companies, and non-profit organisations all around the world. Open            

source software refers to software that is released to the general public, effectively             

allowing developers to access the source code, modify it, and redistribute again. Soaring             

interest in open source development has however unearthed growing pains. A lack of             

incentives for developers to work on open source projects renders many inactive            

projects.  

 

FundRequest makes it easy to fund open issues on any project, in any language. Inspired               

by the rise of the gig economy, we bring together developers and organizations             

requesting​ ​open​ ​source​ ​development. 
 

Blockchain technology and smart contracts provide us with the tools necessary to build             

a decentralized platform that benefits both suppliers and customers of open source            

development. We can guarantee that every contract created between parties will be            

resolved without any third-party interference. Platform upkeep costs are thus drastically           

reduced. In turn, this allows us to remove the service fee that has become commonplace               

on existing gig economy platforms. Increased transparency and trustless transactions          

are two other blockchain features that we feel will aid in our mission to boost the entire                 

open​ ​source​ ​ecosystem. 
 

In a stylized transaction flow, the requesting organization (funder) allocates funds to an             

open source issue. These funds are stored in a smart contract, which acts as an escrow to                 

incentivize parties to act in good faith. The smart contract will eventually distribute the              

funds after a set of predetermined conditions is met. Once the open source issue is               

funded, the developer (solver) can select it. Since he also needs to have skin in the game                 

to avoid malicious behaviour, he is required to stake funds proportionally to the value of               

the funded issue. The developer then solves the issue and claims the reward. The smart               

contract settles the transaction. Naturally, disputes may arise during this process, some            

of which may need to be solved through human interaction. To this end, we will partner                

with​ ​existing​ ​providers​ ​that​ ​offer​ ​conflict​ ​resolution​ ​flows​ ​as​ ​their​ ​core​ ​product. 
 

Open source development is so diverse that one size does not fit all. It is clear that more                  

complex structures are required to serve the entire space. For example, FundRequest            

will enable combining several issues under a governance structure to support large            

features and projects. Other projects require a number of distinct skillsets such that a              

2 



team of developers is put together to take on the challenge. Finally, different             

organizations may be interested in identical open source solutions, which would warrant            

a type of open source crowdfunding mechanism. Our aspiration is to expand the             

platform​ ​in​ ​this​ ​direction. 
 

The FND token is a catalyst to the platform’s development and user experience. It allows               

us to create network effects and introduce mechanisms of fair play. Our own utility              

token​ ​also​ ​means​ ​we​ ​can​ ​operate​ ​independently​ ​from​ ​a​ ​third-party​ ​token. 
 

In sum, FundRequest facilitates the funding, claiming, and rewarding of open source            

contributions through blockchain technology. By addressing some of the key challenges           

open​ ​source​ ​is​ ​facing​ ​today,​ ​we​ ​aim​ ​to​ ​​boost​ ​open​ ​source​ ​development​. 

 

  

3 



1.​ ​Introduction 
 

Over the last two decades, open source software (OSS) has changed the way software is               

developed, deployed, and used. According to the ​Open Source Initiative​, open source            
"enables a development method for software that harnesses the power of distributed            

peer review and transparency of process". FundRequest offers a solution to the lack of              

incentives found in developing open source projects by ​making it easy to fund open              
issues​ ​on​ ​any​ ​project,​ ​in​ ​any​ ​language. 
 

Open source software is software released to the general public, effectively allowing            

them to view, copy, and modify the source code. By opening the code to others, it allows                 

developers around the world to contribute code, add new features, improve the present             

code, report bugs, and submit fixes to the current version. Benefits of open source              

relative to traditional software include increased transparency, greater flexibility, and          

lower risk of predatory vendor lock-in. Moreover, it is estimated that the adoption of              

open source software has resulted in 60 billion USD per year savings to its consumers,               

suggesting​ ​that​ ​open​ ​source​ ​software​ ​is​ ​an​ ​economical​ ​alternative​ ​altogether​ ​[1]. 
 

Both the public and the private sector alike have shown increasing interest in leveraging              

community-based software development and distribution. Examples include the        

European Commission , the White House , Tesla Inc. , and startup ecosystems          
1 2 3 4

embracing the practice. According to the 2016 ​Future of Open Source Survey 65% of              
respondents contribute to open source projects, which is a 50% increase compared to             

the 2010 survey. In a different study by ​Forrester Consulting, it is found that more than                5

50% of North American and European companies use open source software products for             

their crucial applications. Furthermore, over 50% of American government         
6

organizations have adopted open source software. User statistics of open source           

platforms show a similar trend. GitHub, one of the largest platforms for developing and              

maintaining open source projects, welcomed 6.7 million new developers from all around            

the world in the past year alone. It now harbors around 24 million users, compared to                
7

less​ ​than​ ​3​ ​million​ ​users​ ​five​ ​years​ ​ago.  8

1​ ​​https://ec.europa.eu/info/departments/informatics/open-source-software-strategy_en 
2​ ​​https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/blog/2016/08/08/peoples-code 
3 ​ ​​https://techcrunch.com/2014/06/12/tesla-promises-to-not-sue-anyone-using-their-technology/ 
4 ​ ​​https://techcrunch.com/2014/06/27/open-platforms-fuel-startup-ecosystems/ 
5 ​ ​​http://www.northbridge.com/2016-future-open-source-survey-results  
6 ​ ​​https://go.forrester.com/consulting/  
7 ​ ​​https://octoverse.github.com/ 
8 ​ ​​https://github.com/blog/1359-the-octoverse-in-2012 

4 

https://opensource.org/
http://www.northbridge.com/2016-future-open-source-survey-results
https://go.forrester.com/consulting/
https://ec.europa.eu/info/departments/informatics/open-source-software-strategy_en
https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/blog/2016/08/08/peoples-code
https://techcrunch.com/2014/06/12/tesla-promises-to-not-sue-anyone-using-their-technology/
https://techcrunch.com/2014/06/27/open-platforms-fuel-startup-ecosystems/
http://www.northbridge.com/2016-future-open-source-survey-results
https://go.forrester.com/consulting/
https://octoverse.github.com/
https://github.com/blog/1359-the-octoverse-in-2012


Despite the unprecedented growth in open source development, many open source           

projects fail. In fact, almost 80% of projects experience failure prior to completion [2].              

Reasons for failure include the inability to maintain performance and activity [3].            

Developers point out that a lack of time to continue working on projects is one of the                 

main reasons why they cease working on challenging projects [4]. Other reasons for             

abandoning projects include being usurped by a stronger competitor, and a lack of             

developer interest. A number of studies also suggest that by not providing developers             

adequate​ ​financial​ ​rewards,​ ​corporations​ ​might​ ​be​ ​exploiting​ ​altruistic​ ​individuals​ ​[5,6]. 
 

Contemporaneously, transparent and efficient marketplaces have sprung up to connect          

freelancers with ​buyers of their services - the so-called gig economy. One notable             
example is Uber, the ride-hailing service connecting drivers with riders. Today, ​more            
and more people are choosing this type of independent work as an alternative or an               

addition to maintaining a full-time job. It is estimated that around 160 million people in               

the United States and the European Union alone are active in the gig economy. The               
9

online gig economy, a subgroup marketplace conducted remotely over digital platforms,           

has grown at an annual rate of 26 percent. Interestingly, Asian countries account for              
10

over 60 percent of workers in the online gig economy. The growth and magnitude of the                

gig economy is no coincidence. Studies have shown that independent, remote workers            

are more satisfied, engaged, and productive than other workers as a result of increased              

autonomy ​ ​and​ ​lower​ ​work-family​ ​conflict​ ​[7]. 11

 

Inspired by these global developments, FundRequest aims to bring together          

organizations requesting software development with the actual developers. Similar to          

companies like Uber and AirBnB, we facilitate the matching of supply and demand in a               

way that is beneficial to both parties. Developers are able to obtain extra income, and               

have more flexibility to choose working hours. Companies or people requesting software            

development benefit from lower search costs, as well as a more affordable solution             

compared to traditional software. At the same time, they receive a tailor-made solution             

on an ad hoc basis, and can enter into a dialogue with the developer. By offering this                 

solution to the people and companies within the open source space, our goal is to spur                

collaboration​ ​and​ ​enrich​ ​the​ ​entire​ ​open​ ​source​ ​ecosystem. 
  

9
https://www.mckinsey.com/global-themes/employment-and-growth/independent-work-choice-necessit

y-and-the-gig-economy  
10 ​ ​​http://ilabour.oii.ox.ac.uk/the-online-gig-economy-grew-26-over-the-past-year/  
11

https://cdn2.hubspot.net/hubfs/443262/TINYpulse_What_Leaders_Need_to_Know_About_Remote_

Workers.pdf?t=1462203875281  

5 

https://www.mckinsey.com/global-themes/employment-and-growth/independent-work-choice-necessity-and-the-gig-economy
https://www.mckinsey.com/global-themes/employment-and-growth/independent-work-choice-necessity-and-the-gig-economy
http://ilabour.oii.ox.ac.uk/the-online-gig-economy-grew-26-over-the-past-year/
https://cdn2.hubspot.net/hubfs/443262/TINYpulse_What_Leaders_Need_to_Know_About_Remote_Workers.pdf?t=1462203875281
https://cdn2.hubspot.net/hubfs/443262/TINYpulse_What_Leaders_Need_to_Know_About_Remote_Workers.pdf?t=1462203875281


The development of blockchain technology and smart contracts enables us to pursue            

these goals. In brief, a blockchain is a digital ledger of economic transactions that is               

duplicated across a network of computers. This implies that a blockchain is            

incorruptible, and that it cannot be controlled by any single entity. In turn, blockchain              

technology has enabled the coding of ​smart contracts that are executed when a             
predetermined set of conditions are met. The ​Ethereum protocol is perhaps the most             12

well-known​ ​blockchain-based​ ​platform​ ​featuring​ ​smart​ ​contract​ ​functionality. 
 

Given that similar platforms exist without using blockchain technology, one might           

wonder why the technology is crucial for our development. A number of reasons stand              

out: 

 

● Using blockchain technology and smart contracts, we can guarantee that every           
contract created between parties will be able to self-resolve. In an escrow context,             

the blockchain keeps track of the funds allocated to a specific development            

request, and acts as a trusted third party [8]. Upon validation of the solution, the               

blockchain​ ​releases​ ​the​ ​allocated​ ​funds​ ​to​ ​the​ ​solver. 
 

● Crypto economics and governance protocols incentivize developers developers        
and​ ​organizations​ ​to​ ​play​ ​fair​ ​and​ ​act​ ​in​ ​good​ ​faith. 

 

● Thanks to the decentralized feature of blockchain technology the upkeep cost for            
the FundRequest platform is low, creating a win-win scenario for transacting           

parties. Contrary to some other, existing platforms, FundRequest will not charge           

a service fee to developers or requesting organizations. Reducing friction for           

adoption and usage is the right thing to do if we want to genuinely enrich the                

open​ ​source​ ​ecosystem. 
 

● Since its inception, Ethereum has enabled many projects to battle centralisation           
and for-profit models. For example, hosting your files on a decentralized storage            

solution has the potential to be vastly cheaper than hosting files on Amazon’s             

cloud​ ​storage​ ​service. 
 

● Transparency is important. The ability to know the average historical          
development cost of a specific issue is informative to both the developer and the              

requesting organization. In turn, this should lead to a more efficient market            

12​ ​​https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper  

6 

https://ethereum.org/
https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper


functioning. Distributed ledgers enable consulting all previous transaction in a          

transparent​ ​and​ ​incorruptible​ ​way. 
 

● Blockchain technology allows the FundRequest platform itself to be accessed by           
other services who may want to benefit from the work we have done. In the early                

stage of the project we will integrate with existing, third party platforms, but             

eventually third parties may natively start integrating with us. For example           

Trello​, a web-based project management application, could use the FundRequest          
smart​ ​contracts​ ​and​ ​APIs​ ​to​ ​offer​ ​a​ ​fund​ ​functionality​ ​on​ ​their​ ​own​ ​platform.  

 

● The creation of our native FND token (cfr. infra) is a key component to              
incentivise non-profit open source communities. Supporting their development        

will result in real-world impact on people’s lives, as well as foster open source in               

general. 

 

● The nature of the goal we are pursuing, i.e. enriching the open source ecosystem,              
is in the same spirit as the technology underpinning it. That is, open source and               

blockchain technology share the common characteristic of ultimate        

decentralization. 

 

● FundRequest will be the first application to use the SkillToken Factory smart            
contract which can be accessed by other decentralized applications too. It           

13

enables FundRequest to award developers skill-specific tokens in return for the           

work they have completed. Those skill specific tokens are not tradable and will be              

forever​ ​locked​ ​to​ ​the​ ​Ethereum​ ​Address​ ​they​ ​have​ ​been​ ​issued​ ​too.  
  

To help alleviate the constraints many open source projects face is at the core of the                

FundRequest vision. Recent developments, such as the gig economy and blockchain           

technology act as means to amplify the benefits of open source. In conclusion,             

FundRequest is at the intersection of open source, the gig economy and blockchain             

technology. 

 

13
The SkillToken Factory is a smart contract that issues non-transferrable skill specific tokens in return                

for previously whitelisted tokens (here FND token). It will be developed by the FundRequest team and                

ownership​ ​will​ ​be​ ​passed​ ​on​ ​to​ ​the​ ​community.​ ​Also​ ​see​ ​Section​ ​2.2.4 

7 

https://trello.com/


2.​ ​Building​ ​blocks 

2.1.​ ​Key​ ​Terminology 

For consistency purposes, we will be using the following terminology throughout the            

rest​ ​of​ ​this​ ​white​ ​paper. 
 

Request: ​We define a request as the solicitation by a funder to work on an existing                
project, or the creation of a new project. Similarly, the solicitation to fix a bug or add a                  

new feature is considered a request. Typically, the request is made by the funder, after               

which​ ​the​ ​solver​ ​resolves​ ​the​ ​request. 
 

Funder: ​An individual, group or company that adds funds to complete a request. A              
funder​​ ​​can​ ​be​ ​the​ ​owner​ ​of​ ​a​ ​request​ ​or​ ​he​ ​can​ ​be​ ​a​ ​co-funder​ ​to​ ​a​ ​pre-funded​ ​request. 
 

Solver: ​An individual, company, or organization that wants to participate in           
completing​ ​a​ ​request. 
 

Funds: ​The tokens attached to a request, and the funds/reward the solver obtains once              
he​ ​resolves​ ​the​ ​request. 
 

Target Platform: A platform where FundRequest enables funding of requests.          

Platforms can be code repositories like GitHub or GitLab, or project management tools             

Jira or Asana. While these type of repositories are the most obvious ones, FundRequest              

ideally should be able to integrate with any (software-related) platform where funders            

can​ ​connect​ ​with​ ​solvers. 
 

Project owner: The person or organisation that can validate a solution for a specific              

request 

 

FND Token: ​An ERC20 token specific to the FundRequest platform, which is used to              
fund an issue and to facilitate a community verdict dispute flow. The token object is also                

used​ ​to​ ​communicate​ ​with​ ​the​ ​SkillToken​ ​Factory.  
 

SkillToken: ​A skill-specific, non-transferable token that is rewarded after completing a           
request​ ​and​ ​issued​ ​by​ ​the​ ​SkillToken​ ​Factory​ ​smart​ ​contract. 
 

8 



SkillToken Factory: ​A decentralized system that manages SkillTokens, which are          
rewarded for proven work, skill, integrity. Integrity could be proven for example by             

partaking in governance voting where one would vote honestly and honorably. Multiple            

platforms can integrate with the SkillToken Factory. FND Tokens are used to pay the              

transactions​ ​fees​ ​related​ ​to​ ​the​ ​SkillToken​ ​services. 
 

Staking: Locking of FND Tokens until a flow or action is completed. Malicious             

behavior​ ​is​ ​penalized​ ​by​ ​either​ ​not​ ​returning,​ ​or​ ​only​ ​supplying​ ​a​ ​portion​ ​of​ ​the​ ​stake.  
 

Cooldown Period: The time between a claim of a reward and the time the solver can                

freely access the reward. During the cooldown period parties have the option to raise a               

dispute. 

 

Project Bond: An amount of FND tokens that are locked (staked) until a project is               

completed or finalised. A solver stakes a project bond in order to apply for the role of                 

project​ ​lead​ ​for​ ​a​ ​certain​ ​project. 
 

Service Level Agreement​: A service level agreement (SLA) is a contract between a             
solver​ ​and​ ​the​ ​funder​ ​that​ ​defines​ ​the​ ​level​ ​of​ ​service​ ​expected​ ​from​ ​the​ ​solver. 
 

2.2.​ ​Funding,​ ​Resolving​ ​and​ ​Claiming​ ​–​ ​Baseline​ ​case 

The baseline case details the implementation of a request with one funder and one              

solver. Within the baseline case there can be an ideal flow, where funders validate the               

solver’s​ ​solution​ ​without​ ​any​ ​issues,​ ​or​ ​a​ ​dispute​ ​flow. 

 

2.2.1.​ ​Ideal​ ​flow 

Funder’s​ ​perspective 
The FundRequest platform allows a funder to submit a request through his favorite             

target platform. Using our functionalities (through API or browser extensions), the           

funder is able to appropriate funds to his request. A request can be funded in any                

ERC20 compliant token (see Section 3.6.). This should allow projects to reward solvers             

using their own project token. In the baseline case with one funder and one developer,               

the allocated funds are the first to be allocated to a request. In this case, a new contract                  

9 



will be created on a blockchain, which serves as an escrow service for the allocated               

funds. Once a request is funded, it is ready to be selected by a solver. The solver selects                  

and subsequently solves the request. The solver validates the solution, and funds stored             

in​ ​the​ ​contract​ ​are​ ​awarded​ ​to​ ​the​ ​solver. 
 

Solver’s​ ​perspective 
The solvers’ flow starts when they decide to work on a funded request. To register for                

working on a request, the solver needs to stake FND tokens. The staking process serves a                

number of vital purposes. First, it prevents solvers from registering for a large number              

of requests at the same time but then remaining inactive on some or all of them. Such a                  

situation may be detrimental to the ecosystem. Second, staking incentivises people to            

play fair, since they would lose their staked FND if they don’t (see Section 2.2.2).               

Requesting skin in the game from the solver is a technique to warrant acting in good                

faith. The funder, by appropriating funds to the smart contract, already has skin in the               

game by design. Staking thus constitutes a critical mechanism in trust-based systems.            

Third, it allows to present information on the number of developers currently working             

on a request. Using this information, prospective solvers can decide whether it is still              

useful for them to register for the issue. Fourth, staking is required in any case for                

requests in the shape of Features and Projects (see Section 2.3.1.). The stake is returned               

to the solver once the request is solved, or when the solver decides to stop working on a                  

request.​ ​In​ ​the​ ​latter​ ​case,​ ​the​ ​solver​ ​might​ ​receive​ ​a​ ​skill​ ​penalty​ ​(cfr.​ ​infra). 
 

FundRequest applies the same logic as the project owner when it comes to settling the               

request. When the project owner considers a request to be solved, then it is also solved                

from FundRequest’s point of view. Once the request is considered solved, the solver is              
14

able to claim the funds allocated to the related request. Upon claiming, the smart              

contract acts as an escrow service and validates both the authenticity of the solver and               

the​ ​state​ ​of​ ​the​ ​request.  
 

If all the validation checks pass, then the funds are allocated to the solver. At this point,                 

the allocated funds are locked until a defined cooldown period has passed. The             

cooldown period is the time during which the funder can raise a dispute. When the               

cooldown period has passed and no dispute has been raised, the locked funds and the               

solver’s initial stake will be available to the solver. A small percentage of the funds will                

be transferred to the SkillToken Factory, which rewards the solver with a            

14 ​ ​In​ ​the​ ​case​ ​of​ ​GitHub,​ ​for​ ​example,​ ​a​ ​request​ ​is​ ​resolved​ ​when​ ​the​ ​repo​ ​owner  
i)​ ​accepts​ ​the​ ​solution  
ii)​ ​closes​ ​the​ ​GitHub​ ​issue 

10 



non-transferable skill-specific token (see Section 2.2.4). The fees awarded to the           

SkillToken​ ​Factory​ ​are​ ​paid​ ​in​ ​FND​ ​tokens​ ​and​ ​will​ ​be​ ​burned. 
 

 

 

1. A​ ​funder​ ​adds​ ​funds​ ​to​ ​a​ ​request​ ​on​ ​the​ ​FundRequest​ ​platform 
2. FundRequest​ ​locks​ ​these​ ​funds​ ​in​ ​a​ ​smart​ ​contract​ ​that​ ​acts​ ​as​ ​an​ ​escrow​ ​service 
3. A solver wants to solve that request and indicates this intention by staking             

towards​ ​it 
4. The​ ​solver​ ​solved​ ​the​ ​request​ ​and​ ​wants​ ​to​ ​claim​ ​the​ ​reward 
5. The​ ​project​ ​owner​ ​gets​ ​notified​ ​about​ ​the​ ​claim​ ​and​ ​validates​ ​it 
6. Once the project owner validated the claim, a cooldown period is initiated during             

which the funds and stakes remain frozen. This is done to prevent any malicious              

behavior​ ​from​ ​funders​ ​and​ ​solvers. 
7. Once the cooldown period has elapsed, the solver can withdraw the funds            

together with his stakes. In addition, the SkillToken Factory rewards the solver            

with​ ​skill​ ​specific​ ​tokens. 

 

2.2.2.​ ​Dispute​ ​flow 
As during any human exchange of goods or services, misunderstandings can occur and             

cause a dispute between transacting parties. Smart contracts, which are trustless in            

nature, alleviate many of the concerns related to trust between parties that exist in              

11 



traditional markets. Yet, there are specificities that are impossible to describe with code,             

and​ ​therefore​ ​disputes​ ​will​ ​still​ ​emerge. 
 

Observe the following example. Party-A request the creation of a notification system            

written in Java, and the specifications are clearly defined in the request. Party-B started              

working on that request and provided a solution that was accepted by the project owner.               

Party-B claims the reward. However, Party-A does not agree with the solution and             

therefore raises a dispute. Quality of code is difficult to validate by a smart contract, and                

human​ ​interaction​ ​is​ ​required​ ​to​ ​come​ ​to​ ​a​ ​resolution. 
 

We believe that FundRequest should grow into a platform for the community by the              

community and the dispute flow is a part of that vision. Hence, the dispute resolution is                

resolved by community vote. Many other decentralized projects are offering governance           

or prediction market services. Therefore we decided not to build another system that             

resolves disputes via community voting mechanisms, but rather partner with existing           

providers that offer such services as their core product. This will allow us to focus on our                 

core features, use a widely tested conflict resolution flow, and strengthen the blockchain             

network. Examples of such parties include Aragon , Gnosis and Augur . Should we,            
15 16 17

for some reason find that external parties are not a good fit with our goals, then we will                  

build​ ​one​ ​tailored​ ​to​ ​our​ ​own​ ​needs.  
 

A dispute can only be raised in the cooldown period of a request, and when a dispute is                  

raised the allocated funds and stakes will remain locked in the escrow until the dispute               

has been resolved. The majority of the funds are transferred to the winning party, while               

the losing party is penalized by losing staked funds and/or skill specific tokens. Parties              

involved in the voting process are awarded a share of the staked funds and/or skill               

specific​ ​tokens. 

 

2.2.3.​ ​Post-Cooldown 
Once a request without pending claims/disputes leaves the cooldown period the funds            

and the initial stake get unlocked and become available to the solver. The funder and               

solver lose the right to start a dispute. Both parties receive non-transferable            

skill-specific tokens for completing a successful work transaction. Both the funder and            

15 ​ ​​https://aragon.one/ 
16 ​ ​​https://gnosis.pm/ 
17 ​ ​​https://augur.net/ 

12 

https://aragon.one/
https://gnosis.pm/
https://augur.net/


the solver get the opportunity to leave a review of the counterparty and in return are                

rewarded​ ​a​ ​small​ ​amount​ ​of​ ​skill​ ​specific​ ​tokens. 

2.2.4.​ ​SkillToken​ ​Factory 
We will be using the SkillTokens on our platform because we believe meaningful             

rewards are not exclusively of financial nature . With SkillToken we want to reward our              
18

contributors by highlighting their skills, level of community involvement and          

contribution. SkillTokens will evolve into an indicator that illustrates contributors’          

(programming) abilities and level of commitment. Individual SkillToken balances are          

public in order to create a level of trust between future partners. An example of               

rewarding skill is giving skill-specific tokens to people who solve a bug, answer a              

difficult question or in a later stage manage a complete project. Community involvement             

is also rewarded with a skill-specific token. Participating in dispute resolutions is an             

example of being involved with the community. Improving the overall quality of the             

platform​ ​by​ ​writing​ ​reviews​ ​is​ ​a​ ​great​ ​example​ ​of​ ​contributing​ ​to​ ​the​ ​platform. 
 

In the initial stage of our platform, we focus on the integration with other platforms,               

meaning that whereas today many systems have either no skills system, or they have              

implemented their own version of such a system, we are able to reward skill cross               

platforms. What does that mean? It means that the SkillTokens you earn for answering a               

Python specific question on StackExchange will be added to the SkillToken you’ve            

received from fixing a Python bug on GitHub. In today’s recruitment market, developers             

refer to their GitHub account when going on job interviews to showcase their skills. We               

believe that this is a trend that needs to be stimulated and expanded. By creating a                

cross-platform SkillToken Factory, decentralized and transparent built on blockchain         

and​ ​backed​ ​by​ ​actual​ ​work,​ ​making​ ​it​ ​a​ ​source​ ​of​ ​truth. 
  

Details of our SkillToken Factory will be explained in more detail in a separate white               

paper. 

 

3.​ ​Extensions 
Software is produced in many different ways. A large company has processes different to              

a small development agency, in the same way that fixing a bug is not the same as                 

developing a whole new project. However, we consider all of these cases to be challenges               

we​ ​want​ ​to​ ​tackle.​ ​With​ ​this​ ​goal​ ​we​ ​will​ ​build​ ​the​ ​following​ ​extensions:  

18 ​ ​https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Token_economy 

13 



3.1.​ ​Features/projects 
A bug fix, a translation or a question can be seen as a small request. A new feature or                   

project is considered a large request. How a large request differ from a small request is                

by allowing only one solver (person or team) to work on a large request at the same                 

time. During the creation of a request the funder has the ability to identify his request as                 

a large request, for example a feature or project. The funder of a project or feature has                 

the right to decline the candidacy of the solver. A large request can also be disputed and                 

will​ ​follow​ ​the​ ​same​ ​dispute​ ​flow​ ​as​ ​small​ ​requests. 
 

 

3.2.​ ​Crowdfunding​ ​requests 
A funded request may be relevant for ​several parties, as opposed to the baseline case of                
one funder and one solver. In this case, economies of scale are possible, to the extent                

that we will enable crowdfunding of requests, effectively enabling multiple parties to            

combine their resources. The increase in overall funds for a single request raises the              

incentive for solvers while reducing the individual cost for each funder. A dispute of a               

crowdfunded request follows the same flow of that of a single funded request, meaning              

it is a dispute between two parties, the group of funders and the solver. If the dispute is                  

resolved in favor of the solver he will receive the full reward. If it is resolved in favor of                   

the funders, then the solver is penalized by losing his staked FND tokens and the               

remaining funds will be returned back to each party that funded the request.             

Organizations could use this functionality as well to let the community “vote” on             

features they want to be implemented and the community can actively participate on the              

roadmap.  

 

 

3.3.​ ​Team​ ​work 
Some development tasks require more than one developer or people with different skill             

sets and that is why we want to introduce the team concept, where people can form a                 

development team and apply to large requests or projects as a team. A team will be                

managed by a team owner, who can invite or approve new members to his team. Each                

team will have its own governance, which will allow for example the election of a new                

team lead when required. We will first evaluate third parties to provide governance             

services (for example Aragon). If we are unable to find a partner that can facilitate our                

14 



governance needs, we will develop it in house realizing a kind of community voting              

mechanism.  

Using this extension we also want to enable a project funder to fund the project on a                 

per-month basis, contrary to funding the complete project upfront. Additionally we           

want to introduce the concept of a project lead, where a funder can appoint a project                

lead for his request. The project lead will be able to manage the funders funds and                

allocate them to work items. A platform user can apply for the role of project lead by                 

posting (staking) a project bond. Upon successful completion of the project the project             

bond​ ​is​ ​returned.  
Rewards will be split across the team members by a predefined distribution ratio             

defined​ ​by​ ​the​ ​team​ ​owner.  
 

 

3.4.​ ​Private​ ​issues/invite​ ​only 
Some issues are sensitive and companies will want the ability to use the power of the                

community but without sharing the details to the whole world. For such issues we allow               

the funder to create private requests where they can invite known developers or teams              

to help them address the issue at hand. Here the skill token system will have an indirect                 

effect, the more skill token you have the higher the chance to get invited to private issues                 

and​ ​the​ ​more​ ​interesting​ ​the​ ​reward.  
 

  

3.5.​ ​Service​ ​Level​ ​Agreement​ ​(SLA) 
For fully leveraging the power of the open source community, which is by nature              

decentralized and worldwide represented, we offer funders the ability to link an SLA to a               

request. Adding more conditions to a request requires an increase of funds allocated to              

the request, since the solver is bound to specific agreements. An example of an extra               

condition could be to have a time-based agreement. In a later stage, teams could offer               

24/7 support. SkillToken plays a key role in the SLA extension, since not following the               

conditions results in the loss of SkillToken and staked FND tokens. We imagine this              

could lead to the formation of international teams that offer 24/7, SLA driven, cross              

project,​ ​open​ ​source​ ​support.  
 

 

 

15 



3.6.​ ​Funding​ ​with​ ​fiat​ ​currencies​ ​or​ ​other​ ​tokens 
To support other blockchain projects we will be compatible with any ERC20 token. This              

means that projects will be able to use their own token as a reward for solving requests                 

related to their project. To increase mainstream adoption we integrate with future fiat             

stable coins which would allow funding in EUR, USD, GBP or any other fiat currency               

that​ ​has​ ​a​ ​stable​ ​coin​ ​equivalent.  
 

Platform specific services such as staking and the fees related to the SkillToken Factory              

require FND tokens. To improve the usability of funding in any ERC20 token, but being               

able to pay fees in FND tokens we will integrate with an existing decentralized tokens               

exchange based on the 0x project (an open, permissionless protocol allowing for            
19

ERC20​ ​tokens​ ​exchanges).  
 

4.​ ​Implementation 

4.1.​ ​Smart​ ​Contracts 

To make FundRequest work, several smart contracts are needed on the blockchain.            

These smart contracts will work together in a way so that all functionality becomes              

available​ ​in​ ​a​ ​decentralized​ ​way.​ ​This​ ​will​ ​be​ ​the​ ​core​ ​of​ ​FundRequest.  

4.1.1.​ ​Token 
As already explained in Section 2.2.1​, ​FND will be the token used on the FundRequest               
platform. This token will be a token on the Ethereum blockchain following the ERC20              

20

token standard. This token has already proven its strength and we want to leverage the               

already​ ​proven​ ​track​ ​record. 
 

For the actual implementation of the FND token, we have chosen for the MiniMe token               
21

contract which is being used by several other projects (eg. Aragon). There will be no               

alterations​ ​to​ ​the​ ​contract​ ​so​ ​we​ ​and​ ​all​ ​users​ ​can​ ​have​ ​full​ ​confidence​ ​in​ ​the​ ​FND​ ​token. 
 

The MiniMe contract gives the flexibility of Token upgrade with the existing token             

acting as the parent token. When a balance is queried, the state of the parent token is                 

19 ​ ​​https://0xproject.com/  
20 ​ ​​https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC20_Token_Standard  
21 ​ ​​https://github.com/Giveth/minime 

16 

https://0xproject.com/
https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC20_Token_Standard
https://github.com/Giveth/minime


added to the state of the new token, giving the final result. This is a very powerful                 

mechanism​ ​should​ ​an​ ​upgrade​ ​be​ ​necessary. 

4.1.2.​ ​FundRequest​ ​contract(s) 
The FundRequest smart contract(s) will contain all logic to decentralize the whole            

FundRequest​ ​platform.​ ​This​ ​is​ ​an​ ​evolving​ ​process​ ​and​ ​will​ ​be​ ​updated​ ​in​ ​the​ ​future.  
 

The FundRequest smart contracts communicates with the token contract. These          

contracts can, of course, not alter the token contract state for everybody. For             

participating on the platform, a user will have to allow the FundRequest contract to act               

on​ ​its​ ​behalf.  
How does this work? Consider it like a prepaid card which you have to charge before you                 

can start using the services. The main difference is the actual FND tokens never leave               

your wallet until you actually spend it using one of the services. The ERC20 token               

standard​ ​defines​ ​this​ ​function​ ​in​ ​its​ ​interface: 
 

function​​ ​​approve​(address​ ​_spender,​ ​uint​ ​_value)​ ​​returns​​ ​(bool​ ​success); 

 

This function will be executed so that the FundRequest contract can spend tokens on              

your behalf, only up to the amount that has been approved by you. The tokens still don’t                 

leave​ ​your​ ​wallet​ ​at​ ​this​ ​point.  
When a service on the FundRequest platform is used, the FundRequest contract can             

transfer the necessary tokens for the function that has been called. See an example of               

such​ ​an​ ​approve​ ​call​ ​together​ ​with​ ​funding​ ​in​ ​the​ ​sequence​ ​diagram​ ​below. 
 

17 



 

4.2.​ ​Platform 

The​ ​platform​ ​contains​ ​the​ ​following​ ​key​ ​components: 
● Blockchain​ ​smart​ ​contracts​ ​(see​ ​4.1)  
● Core: this is the core FundRequest platform that contains the logic for the             

system. 

● API: a set of API’s that will be offered to internal applications that allow              
FundRequest​ ​services.​ ​These​ ​will​ ​act​ ​as​ ​a​ ​gateway​ ​for​ ​all​ ​frontend​ ​services 

● Frontend: several means of communicating with the backend API, such as a web             
application​ ​and​ ​a​ ​chrome​ ​plugin 

18 



 

4.2.1.​ ​Blockchain 
For more information about smart contracts, see section 4.1. All balances are held by the               

MiniMe token contract and an additional FundRequest contract is used to communicate            

with​ ​this​ ​token​ ​contract.  
 

When an issue is funded, or a claim is rewarded an event will be triggered by the                 

blockchain. This event is picked up by an internal service called ​“Azrael”. This service              
translates the blockchain event to a ​“JSON” format object that is stored on a message               
broker . This message broker routes the data to the correct destinations who can then              

22

act on this newly received information. This allows for easier maintenance and            

communication​ ​to​ ​the​ ​blockchain. 
 

4.2.2.​ ​API 
Our API acts as the gateway for all clients accessing the FundRequest platform. This              

allows​ ​easy​ ​communication​ ​between​ ​clients​ ​and​ ​the​ ​FundRequest​ ​core​ ​system.  
Initially, our API acts as an internal API for our clients. Future API’s will allow easier                

integration​ ​with​ ​other​ ​platforms. 

4.2.3.​ ​Frontend 
A web application will be available for easy access to all services of FundRequest. Here,               

users​ ​can​ ​easily​ ​browse​ ​the​ ​whole​ ​state​ ​of​ ​the​ ​platform​ ​and​ ​initiate​ ​actions.  

22​ ​​http://www.enterpriseintegrationpatterns.com/patterns/messaging/MessageBroker.html  

19 

http://www.enterpriseintegrationpatterns.com/patterns/messaging/MessageBroker.html


For better integration with existing platforms (Github, StackExchange, …), we develop           

browser plugins. These plugins enrich the supported platforms with FundRequest data           

and services. Users can access FundRequest services from within these platforms           

without​ ​leaving​ ​the​ ​actual​ ​platform,​ ​which​ ​results​ ​in​ ​a​ ​better​ ​user​ ​experience.  

4.2.4.​ ​Decentralization 
In our current structure, we still have some centralized components. Our vision for the              

future is to create a fully decentralized solution which will allow FundRequest to become              

an unstoppable application. To achieve this, we will work together with the blockchain             

community and utilize other services. More and more services are being created so this              

is​ ​prone​ ​for​ ​change.​ ​But​ ​we​ ​envision​ ​a​ ​platform​ ​where: 
 

● Decentralized​ ​logic​ ​is​ ​inside​ ​smart​ ​contracts​ ​(e.g​ ​Ethereum) 
● For​ ​storage​ ​using​ ​a​ ​decentralized​ ​storage​ ​(e.g.​ ​IPDB,​ ​IPFS,​ ​Swarm) 
● Using​ ​communication​ ​protocols​ ​to​ ​communicate​ ​with​ ​other​ ​Dapps​ ​(e.g​ ​Whisper) 
● Decentralized​ ​authentication​ ​(e.g.​ ​Civic) 
● Resource​ ​lookups​ ​with​ ​decentralized​ ​name​ ​services​ ​(e.g.​ ​ENS,​ ​IPNS) 

 

 

https://blog.ethereum.org/2014/08/18/building-decentralized-web/ 

 

20 

https://blog.ethereum.org/2014/08/18/building-decentralized-web/


4.3.​ ​Security 

All open endpoints offered by the FundRequest platform will be protected by            

CloudFlare. Here we can ensure that we can protect ourselves against DDOS attacks,             
23

apply Web Application Firewalls, rate limiting, or any other threat to the continuity of              

the​ ​platform.​ ​All​ ​communication​ ​will​ ​be​ ​encrypted​ ​using​ ​SSL. 

4.3.1.​ ​Authentication 
A user will be able to authenticate himself within FundRequest using a decentralized             

authentication provider like Civic . When using the platform, you are obliged to            
24

authenticate,​ ​with​ ​privacy​ ​in​ ​mind​ ​(see​ ​the​ ​following​ ​section).  

4.3.2.​ ​Privacy 
When using FundRequest services, you are obliged to be authenticated. With this            

information we can offer the user extra services. For example, we can propose new              

requests to a solver which are similar to requests already solved by him. Processing this               

information will be done in a privacy friendly manner and we will immediately comply              

to​ ​the​ ​new​ ​strict​ ​EU​ ​regulations​ ​on​ ​data​ ​privacy,​ ​the​ ​GDPR . 25

5.​ ​Network​ ​effects 
The concept of a network effect is pretty simple: the network becomes more valuable as               

more people use it. The most famous example is the telephone system, for which the               

value of having a phone increases when everyone else has a phone. In the case of                

FundRequest, as more solvers are working on requests, the service offered to funders             

becomes more valuable due to better response times and an increase of code quality.              

This leads to more funders using the platform, in return attracting more solvers. The              

more solvers and funders, the more open source code that is being produced, and the               

higher the quality of the code, which leads to an increase in adoptation of open source                

software​ ​and​ ​in​ ​return​ ​leads​ ​to​ ​more​ ​funders. 
 

23 ​ ​​https://www.cloudflare.com/security/  
24 ​ ​​https://www.civic.com/  
25 ​ ​​http://www.eugdpr.org/  

21 

https://www.cloudflare.com/security/
https://www.civic.com/
http://www.eugdpr.org/


 

 

6.​ ​Token​ ​Functionality 
FND tokens are utility tokens. They will always be required by solvers, to stake towards               

an issue and solvers will always be required to hold some FND tokens. Initially every               

issue can only be funded and rewarded with FND tokens. This will change with              

extension​ ​‘Funding​ ​with​ ​fiat​ ​currencies​ ​or​ ​other​ ​tokens’​ ​(see​ ​section​ ​3.6). 
With the Team extension (see section 3.3), we will also introduce the ability for team               

members​ ​to​ ​become​ ​a​ ​team​ ​lead​ ​by​ ​providing​ ​a​ ​bigger​ ​stake. 
FND will also be the first token to be accepted by the SkillToken Factory and the                

SkillToken Factory requires a small portion of FND tokens in return for skill tokens.              

Those​ ​FND​ ​token​ ​will​ ​be​ ​burned​ ​forever . 26

The more requests that are funded, the more solvers will claim rewards, the more teams               

that are created, the more project leads will be required, the more FND tokens need to                

be​ ​staked​ ​and​ ​thus​ ​remain​ ​in​ ​the​ ​platform. 
 

26 ​http://vitalik.ca/general/2017/10/17/moe.html​: The important thing is that for the token to have a stable              
value, it is highly beneficial for the token supply to have sinks - places where tokens actually disappear                  
and so the total token quantity decreases over time. This way, there is a more transparent and explicit fee                   
paid by users, instead of the highly variable and difficult to calculate “de-facto fee”, and there is also a                   
more​ ​transparent​ ​and​ ​explicit​ ​way​ ​to​ ​figure​ ​out​ ​what​ ​the​ ​value​ ​of​ ​protocol​ ​tokens​ ​should​ ​be. 

22 

http://vitalik.ca/general/2017/10/17/moe.html


7.​ ​Funding 
The funding will be allocated to multiple aspects of the FundRequest project. The largest              

part will serve for developing the FundRequest platform, but we also need budget for              

supporting​ ​activities.  

 

 

Development 

The main part of our budget will be allocated to development. Since software             

development requires mostly labour of skilled employees this part of our budget will be              

used​ ​to​ ​pay​ ​our​ ​software​ ​developers​ ​and​ ​analysts. 
 

Operations 

The budget allocated to operations is to run the supporting organisation, to rent the              

office space and equipment, have proper means of communication, provide a level of             

support​ ​to​ ​the​ ​platform​ ​user,​ ​​ ​etc.  
 

Marketing 

A challenging task will be to get enough traction by organisations. Our marketing budget              

will be used to create awareness of the possibilities of our platform in first instance with                

23 



the business owners and CIO's, and in second instance within the development            

community. 

 

Legal 

There are some legal aspects on the FundRequest platform which need investigation.            

Some examples: people using FundRequest getting rewarded for their work cannot be            

seen as employees of FundRequest. How do we protect the platform from child labour?              

How​ ​can​ ​we​ ​make​ ​sure​ ​a​ ​funding​ ​organisation​ ​can​ ​get​ ​a​ ​proper​ ​invoice? 
 

IT​ ​Security 
Since the FundRequest platform will be used as an escrow service between funder and              

solver, security is of utmost importance. Every version will need to be checked on              

software​ ​vulnerabilities.  
 

IT​ ​Infrastructure 
When developing software it is necessary to have servers available to run a development,              

test,​ ​acceptance​ ​and​ ​production​ ​environments.  
 

Contingency​ ​budget 
This budget is the FundRequest 'reserve fund'. This will be used when new budget needs               

arise, or when one of the other budget lines was underestimated and runs out of               

funding. 

 

  

24 



8.​ ​Future​ ​vision  
Our vision is an open source platform for the community, that runs decentralised and              

which is developed, maintained and governed by the community. Its mission is to boost              

open​ ​source​ ​development​ ​and​ ​reward​ ​contributors​ ​in​ ​a​ ​fair​ ​and​ ​transparent​ ​way. 
 

 

  

25 



References 

 

[1] Ghapanchi, A.H., Aurum, A., Low, G., 2011. A taxonomy for measuring the success of               

open​ ​source​ ​software​ ​projects.​ ​First​ ​Monday​ ​16 
 

[2] Colazo, J., Fang, Y., 2009. Impact of license choice on open source software              

development activity. Journal of the Association for Information Science and          

Technology​ ​60,​ ​997-1011 
 

[3] Fang, Y., Neufeld, D., 2009. Understanding sustained participation in open source            

software​ ​projects.​ ​Journal​ ​of​ ​Management​ ​Information​ ​Systems​ ​25,​ ​9-50 
 

[4] Coelho, J., Valente, M.T., 2017. Why modern open source projects fail. In:             

Proceedings of the 2017 11th Joint Meeting on Foundations of Software Engineering, pp.             

186-196.​ ​ACM 
 

[5] Haruvy, E., Prasad, A., Sethi, S.P., 2003. Harvesting altruism in open-source            

software​ ​development.​ ​Journal​ ​of​ ​Optimization​ ​Theory​ ​and​ ​Applications​ ​118,​ ​381-416 
 

[6] Rossi, C., Bonaccorsi, A., 2005. Intrinsic vs. extrinsic incentives in profit–oriented            

firms​ ​supplying​ ​Open​ ​Source​ ​products​ ​and​ ​services.​ ​First​ ​Monday​ ​10 
 

[7] Gajendran, R.S., Harrison, D.A., 2007. The good, the bad, and the unknown about              

telecommuting: meta-analysis of psychological mediators and individual consequences.        

American​ ​Psychological​ ​Association 
 

[8]​ ​Swan,​ ​M.,​ ​2015.​ ​Blockchain:​ ​Blueprint​ ​for​ ​a​ ​new​ ​economy.​ ​"​ ​O'Reilly​ ​Media,​ ​Inc.". 
 

 

26 


