










































Слайд 1




The first thesis of the project

To increase the revenue of the gaming industry by 3 times - on 300 billions dollars per year!!

Currently, most of games are distributed on terms “Free to play”. This is done in order to engage the audience in the game and to motivate in-game 

purchases and pay for full access, l.e.. - to bring profit to the manufacturer. Despite all the efforts of marketers and economists, no more than 10% 

can be monetized. The rest keep studying the game worlds and continue involving in battles.For free. 

We set out to develop a tool that will allow the company to get profit from free users, without any restrictive measures and intrusive advertising.

This tool is -blockchain GameCoin. 

The essence is simple - we provide an open API to integrate gaming algorithms with our system.. Based on this, the game developer replaces the 

virtual game money with the generated cryptocurrency. From this moment, all the efforts and time spent by users of the game to achieve certain 

results, generate a certain amount of crypto currency credited to users' wallets. At the same time, defeats, unsuccessful decisions lead to its 

burning. 

Using these game money, cryptocurrency, you can pay for subscription, license, exchange for game items,pay for skins, send to someone or 

convert to Fiat and withdraw your money.

All this in conjunction with the efforts and time for its extraction creates the same value and liquidity that is inherent in money. 

As a result, we get a win-win situation - people play for free, but wasting their time and efforts create value that is monetized for the manufacturer in 

the form of cryptocurrency or fiat money after its exchange!



The second thesis of the project

To allow players to earn on their hobby - thousands of dollars per person per month! 

What is your favorite game? How much time have you spent playing it? Do you have a lot of game money? And 

now imagine that all the money you earned in games has become a real asset that you can spend in real life!

This is the future. The future that GameCoin builds.

The solution that we propose will replace all the game money for cryptocurrency. From now on, all the effort 

and time you spend on winning games generates a certain amount of crypto currency, which you receive on your 

wallet.

Using these game money, cryptocurrency, you can pay subscription, license, exchange for game items, skins, 

send to someone or convert to Fiat and bring it to the real world. 

All this in conjunction with the efforts and time for its extraction creates the same value and liquidity 

that is inherent in money. 

Earn yourself a Ferrari by playing!



The third thesis of the project

Within a year, the capitalization of GameCoin will exceed a billion dollars and will continue to grow rapidly!

We provide the game world with a unique solution - companies without any investment will increase their 

revenues several times, and players will earn on their hobby. Due to the fact that all game currencies that 

will work and all the games that will be connected - they all go through the blockchain GameCoin, the 

emission of tokens of which is limited and each new partner increases its value.

For example - in the World of Tanks plays about 100 million players. Approximately 90% use the free version, 

which means they become providers of value for in-game cryptocurrency.On average, each of them plays 16 

hours per month (calculated - about 0.5 $ monetization per hour of game per person).

Then counting the formula "Total players" x "Share of free players" x "Average number of game hours per 

month" x "Estimated monetization of 1 hour of the game, USD" we will get the project capitalization when 

connecting only one global partner.

In the money it will be: 100 000 000 x 90% x 16 x 0.5 = 720 000 000 USD

At the moment, we have reached agreements with several global companies and are negotiating with all the 

other key members in the gaming industry.



About ICO market
Introduction

Concept of ICO – Initial Coin Offering, or primary sale of coins first appeared in a narrow circle

of people called crypto-community. But now cryptocurrency began to attract attention of a larger

audience, including entrepreneurs, investors and even ordinary people. According to some media

reports in 2017 startups around the world have collected more than a billion dollars financing

through ICO.

ICO allows anyone to participate in the development of the project with minimum capital

requirements and high liquidity of crypto-assets.

The GameCoin project makes an integration of the gaming industry with crypto-community possible

enabling gamers to use a single currency to pay for any games and convert GameCoin coins into

cryptocurrency or fiat money.

Thus, the technology becomes a topical innovative tool for both gaming platforms and its users,

and also offers excellent investment opportunities for all who believe in the future of the gaming

industry and the cryptocurrency!



About the game market
The computer games industry was originated in mid-seventies as a movement of enthusiasts and for

several decades has grown from a small market to the mainstream with annual turnover tending to

102,9 billions dollars in 2017. In the market there are both large gamers, and small firms and

start-ups, and also independent developers and communities.

Computer games– one of the most growing segments of the IT economy in the world. To this 

conclusion came the experts of several leading research companies. According to different 

estimates the global gaming market demonstrates a stable annual growth of 6–10%, and then in 2016 

the market grew to a record 91 billion dollars. Then for the first time the largest share of the 

industry market(44%) was occupied by mobile games. All this attracts new investments into the 

industry.

In 2016 was the largest sales of video games in history. According to the report of SuperData

Research only games for personal computers (PC) and consoles were sold for 36 billions dollars, 

which is comparable to the income of Hollywood. According to the forecasts of another research 

company – Newzoo, in 2017 the gaming market will reach 106,6 billions dollars and an audience of 

2,2 billions gamers around the world.

https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/1970-%D0%B5
https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%9C%D0%B5%D0%B9%D0%BD%D1%81%D1%82%D1%80%D0%B8%D0%BC


Subscription games
There are two types of subscription – Free-to-Play and Premium. In the first case the gamer can 

play completely free of charge. This allows creators to increase the audience of the game. 

Developers receive revenue from a specially built-in game stores, buying in which you can open new 

gaming functions, quickly “pump” the hero, strengthen the hero in the battles with other players

etc. Such a system allowed game developers to receive an income of 18 billions dollars in 2016. 

The most profitable in 2016 was the game League of Legends – 1,7 billions dollars. The game World 

of Tanks of the Belarusian studio Wargaming that, according to SuperData Research earned 400 

millions dollars in 2016, also hit the top of 5 most successful projects of the year.

Premium-games assume that the gamer first pay the subscription and only after that can play. 

Projects of this type can also have an in-game store, but usually it offers not improvements for 

characters, but different special items, that do not affect the gaming process, but beautify an 

atmosphere around the gamer. For example Blizzard in-game stores offer gamers a variety of clothes 

for gaming characters or beautiful vehicles to travel around the game worlds.

However, the main income of these games is obtained through subscription. The total market for 

Premium-games on PCs and consoles in 2016 was 12 billions dollars.



Problems

Despite the huge revenue that manufacturers of popular games receive, it is provided by only 10% 

of active users. The question that torments every professional market participant- how to monetize 

the rest 90%? 

Because if this problem is solved at least for one third- this solution will provide the industry 

with an increase of more than 300 billions dollars per year!

This was the focus of the team of the GameCoin project. Now the solution is found.



Problems
Now the game industry can be conditionally divided into 5 major directions, each of which is

actively developing. This is games on mobile platforms, games for personal computers (PC), console

games, virtual reality (VR) and cybersport.

All this would have been impossible without millions of people who play games day by day in an

amateur and professional level. Some people use paid functionality (as we remember it’s just 10%

of gamers), the rest play for free, sometimes spending more time in games than at work.

The key question of such gamers is- how to monetize their hobby?

This is the second key, which focused the attention of the team of the GameCoin project. The 

solution is found!!!



The solution

GAMECOIN – we found a way that will allow to monetize free users and will let gamers earn on their

hobby. For this we create the blockchain adapted for the gaming industry.

This will allow each gaming manufacturer to enter into circulation his own cryptocurrency as in-

game money, and this will give the currency a value due to the possibility of obtaining certain

benefits and the complexity of extraction.

Now every free user by playing will receive a real cryptocurrency, that is almost free for the

manufacturer, but when the currency have passed through the hands of gamers and returned back it

acquires real value and the possibility of exchanging for fiat money- dollars of euro.



Blockchain technology
● New block generation every 30 seconds

● Miner’s commission - 0,1% from transaction (at the rate GMC 0,0001 ETH) is adjusted in inverse 

proportion to the rate

● Main miners – game manufacturers

● The miner’s reward for the block becomes available after the generation of the following 499 

blocks

● Support of the function of generation/burning of new blocks of the forks of GMC for 

actions/external algorithms

I will give an example on a tank game. After the explosion of the enemy machine, tokens of the 

TANK fork are generated. And then all earned tokens credited to the personal game purse.

● Function “withdrawal of funds from the Client’s purse to the emission agent”

If you have a game account stolen, you must contact the moderator and confirm the ownership. 

Then the moderator withdraws coins from the specified purse until the account is  restored. 

If you lose your passwords, you will have to confirm the ownership again. Then the emission 

agent of fork withdraws blocked funds and credits them to your new wallet.



Mining technology

● Confirmation of content purchases

● Confirmation of compliance with license agreements/subscription

● Support of the GMC blockchain and its forks

● Control over the impossibility of a double fee

● Consensus algorithm - PoA - Proof of Activity – mixing algorithms, hybrid systems. 

● Combine PoW, PoS, PoB algorithms.



Consensus technology

● PoW - Proof of Work 

Cryptographic protection based on the need to perform mass computing work according to 

certain rules. If the calculation was successful, it means that everything is ok, if not, 

then no. It also establishes a physical barrier for fakes. And it is the most reliable

(provided a qualitative mathematical work on the rules). A large amount of energy is 

required for calculation and that is why reliability is ensured. To implement the hacking, 

it is necessary to have even more computing power and energy consumption. Power in its time 

depends on the capabilities of the technological process for a current day.



Consensus technology

● PoS - Proof of Stake 

Protection that is based on the need to prove the storage of a certain amount of funds in an 

account.

● PoB - Proof of Burn

Destruction (“burning”) occurs by sending coins to an address from which, it is guaranteed, 

they can not be spent.



GMCWallet technology

● Wallet

○ Support of the GMC and its forks

○ Scanner of the GMC blockchain

● Safety

○ 2FA

○ ColdWallet

○ E-mail confirmation

○ SMS confirmation (not free)



Marketplace
Marketplace – is online-platform that collects and organizes information about goods and services 

of different companies that is registered in the system, and provide such information at the 

buyer’s request in a structured view, suitable for comparison, selection and purchase of the 

selected product.

The task of the marketplace is– to increase sales by simplifying communication between the seller 

and the buyer and realizing the potential of the place of sale, that is familiar and convenient to 

all market players.

We see value in creating a single platform for the exchange of the GAME and forks, for purchase 

and registration of a subscription for content, and also conducting an ICO for author’s proojects.

Marketplace value:

All products and sellers in one place;

More goods than in the seller’s branded store;

More of ready buyers;

Availability of simple and convenient filtering by characteristics and prices;

The presence of a database of sellers’ reviews and ratings simplifies the communication;

Transaction costs are significantly reduced;

Providing a synergy of loyalty: to the seller, the product and the place of sale;.

Convenience of the purchase process: structuring, categorization and targeting;



ICO technology

We believe in the rapid development of blockchain technologies, and think that process of creation 

of forks should be simplified for the average citizen, that’s why we are developing an intuitively 

understandable, graphical interface for creating it- just a few actions and a new coin is ready.

For professionals we leave the traditional way to take control of a project and provide with open 

source code to create their own tokens.

We want our platform to become a “Runway” for author’s projects.

A vivid example, Wasteland 3 game that in 3 days collected 2,5 millions USD on the Kickstarter. We 

see great potential in the holding of analogical campaigns based on the blockchain platforms.



Monetization of games

Monetization of gamers playing or free (about 90% of popular games audience) through:

● Creation of the in-game currency (GMC fork)

○ Making it valuable:

■ Accepting as a payment means for subscription/license/skin

■ Extradition, in exchange for the purchase of a game, for fiat money

■ Reward for performance in the game

■ Possibility of withdrawing/converting money to fiat/crypto



Monetization of games

● The coin can be used as in-game currency for a particular game. 

At a set rate of in-game currency, a switch of the gamer to another game requires conversion and 

payment of commission. This occurs even within the same manufacturing company (for example, 

switching from Diablo to World of Warcraft from Blizzard). Similar monetization is one of the 

earning options for the manufacturer.

● The coin of the company can be universal within one manufacturer. 

For example, Blizzard introduces one currency for all of its games. This allows participants to 

make a free transfer between games. Monetization can be used in testing games by subscription, 

when buying several coins, you can immediately try everything that is offered, and only then 

purchase a certain license. This approach can be considered a concern for players who can 

significantly save their money.



Monetization of games

Options for using technology to provide access/license/content:

● Subscription – replenishment of the GMCWallet (with a fork) - daily (hourly/every minute) 

write-off of one unit 1 – zeroing an account – subscription stop (access blocking)

Can be ideal for browser games and online games with subscription access or conditionally free 

access. It allows to monetize an audience that is not ready to pay a full license.

● Purchase of a license – replenishment of the GMCWallet (with a fork) for the required amount 

– fixing the right of unlimited access to the game, until the balance is reduced below the 

required amount – after the reduction – automatic changeover to “subscription” rules.

Ideal for offline/single games and motivates a person to fix a certain amount on the account. The 

ability to spend these funds in the game raises the temptation to spontaneous purchases with 

subsequent replenishment of the account to renew the license.



Monetization of games

Options for using technology to provide access/license/content:

● Earn money playing games- for professional gamers and avid game fans – showing performance 

in the game, earn game money (GMC fork) with a transfer to the GMCWallet – pay for 

subscription, turn it into the cryptocurrency or fiat money – zeroing out – three-day credit 

for replenishment of the balance through the game of direct purchase.

When crediting funds for the game to professional gamers, they are linked to the platform. This 

allows to monetize this audience through the display of advertising content or the sale of 

expensive unique items. If we give gamers the opportunity to create unique characters/donates and 

sell them through the manufacturer marketplace for fork/crypto/fiat money, they will also be able 

to attract certain cash flows.



Project capitalization

The market of the conversion of forks between themselves

Commission is 0,1% from the transaction amount from recalculation on the GMC

Input/output of forks/GMC to another crypto currency

Commission is 0,1% from the transaction amount from recalculation on the GMC

Payment system for traditional forms of payment (fiat money)

Input/output of fiat money is 5% from the transaction amount



Road Map
Period Project development stage Capitalization, GMC/USD* Cost of the token, GMC/ETH**

September 2017 ICO 1 875 0000 0,0001

October 2017 - January 2018 Developing the GAME blockchain 65 625 000 0,00035

October 2017 –January 2018 Developing GMCWallet (mobile/desctop) 65 625 000 0,00035

February 2018 - March 2018 Pilot testing of the blockchain and the 

wallet on one of the partners

78 750 000 0,00042

April 2018 Revision 78 750 000 0,00042

April 2018 Connection of the payment system for 

input/output of Fiat

102 375 000 0,000546

May 2018 Deployment to all partners 1 535 625 000 0,0081

June - August 2018 Marketplace development 1 612 406 250 0,0081

September - October 2018 Marketplace testing on one of the partners 1 773 646 875 0,0094

November 2018 Revision 1 951 011 563 0,0104

December 2018 Connecting all partners to the marketplace 29 265 173 438 0,1560



Cryptoeconomics

The basic emission is 625 000 000 GMC tokens

Token price 0,0001 ETH

Distribution:

4% - Key partners- game makers

10% - Founders

10% - Developers

2% - Bounty Campaign

74% - Investors



ICO 11 - 29.09.17
Этапы:

Sale of 462 500 000 GMC tokens

Following blocks 100 000 000 of GMC tokens each

*Starting with the first additional generation of tokens, each subsequent generation 

increases the price of the token by 3%

** All unsold tokens will be destroyed on a public wallet

Special conditions for large investors:

Bonus program (additional tokens as a gift to the paid at the base rate):

● 30 - 50 ETH +10% 

● 51 - 100 ЕТН +15% 

● 101 - 300 ЕТН + 20% 

● 301 - 1000 ЕТН +25% 

● from 1001 ЕТН +30% 



ICO 11 - 29.09.17

Special conditions for early investors:

Bonus program (additional tokens as a gift to the paid at the base rate):

● The first hour of crowdsale +15%

● The second hour of crowdsale +10%

● From the third to 48 hour of crowdsale +5%



ICO 11 - 29.09.17

Special conditions for fiat investors:

Bonus program (additional tokens as a gift to the paid at the base rate):

● For all ICO period +10%

The GMC tokens will be credited to ETH wallets (MyEtherWallet is recommended) in 5 days after the 

end of ICO. 

After the launch of the separate blockchain of GAMECOIN, The investor can exchange GMC tokens for 

GMCB at a rate of 1 to 1. The exchange can be made on authorized exchanges (the information will 

be on the official gamecoin.global website) and in the personal cabinet on the site 

gamecoin.global


