






















































Gaze Coin Pty Ltd. - Whitepaper


Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

1

11

A unit of exchange between 
advertisers, content makers 
and users based on ‘gaze’ / 
eye tracking

Blockchain VR / AR Token

WHITE PAPER  |  OCTOBER 2017



2 Table of Contents

Gaze Coin Disclaimer ....................................................................................................... 3

Introduction  ........................................................................................................... 4
The Problem – VR/AR monetization attempts to date  .......................................................... 5

The Solution – Gaze Coin fixes the main problem with monetization VR/AR  .......................... 6

What is Gaze Control?  ..................................................................................................... 7

Gaze Coin Defined  .......................................................................................................... 7

GazeCoin Token (GZE) – Technical Specifications  ............................................................... 9

Gaze Coin API Can Be Used Anywhere  ........................................................................... 10

Gaze Coin for Tracking Digital Copyright in VR/AR  ............................................................ 11

Ecosystem Kickstart  ...................................................................................................... 12

The ICO – Gaze Coin ICO Overview  ................................................................................ 13

Gaze Coin Summary – Finally, We Can All Make Money in VR/AR  ..................................... 15

Funding Milestones/Roadmap  ........................................................................................ 16

Team  ........................................................................................................................... 18

Advisors  ....................................................................................................................... 21

Appendix A   ......................................................................................................... 23
Gaze Coin Roadmap  ...................................................................................................... 23

Gaze Coin Functional Lab: 

The Dream Channel VR Virtual World  ............................................................................. 24

Funding Milestones / Development Roadmap  ................................................................... 24

 (I)    US$2 Million – Gaze Coin API/WALLET  ............................................................ 24

 (Ii)    US$5 Million – Virtual/Augmented Real Estate (Custom Connected 3D VR/AR 

Environments) & Social Network Engine  ............................................................ 25

   Token Sale / Land Packages  ....................................................................... 26

 (III)  US$12 Million – Procedural Engine Driving Automated Virtual World Generation  .. 28

 (IV)   US $20 Million – Navigation Systems/Tollways Between Worlds: 

The Wormhole Transport System  ...................................................................... 29

 (V)   US$25 Million – Choose-Your-Own-Adventure Story Engine ................................. 31

 (VI)  US $30 Million – Mixed Reality Platform  ........................................................... 32

 (VII) US$35M – Epic Mixed Reality Game  ................................................................ 32

Appendix B  .......................................................................................................... 33
Overview – Epic eSports Game Funding and Promoting “Gaze” User Growth Pool  ............... 33

Gameplay ..................................................................................................................... 34

Wormhole Transport System  .......................................................................................... 36

Super AI Planet  ............................................................................................................ 37

VR Drama Series  .......................................................................................................... 38

Creative Ambassadors – VR Radio  .................................................................................. 39

Conclusion  ................................................................................................................... 41



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

Gaze Coin Disclaimer

This white paper has been created by Gaze Coin Pty Ltd.  
(“Gaze Coin”) for informative purposes only, and therefore all  
representations herein are not to be relied upon. Gaze Coin makes 
no representations or warranties (whether express or implied), and 
disclaims all liability arising from any information stated in this 
white paper. The actual results and the performance of Gaze Coin 
may differ materially from those set out in this white paper.

Gaze Coin already has an existing and functioning platform 
and this white paper makes no binding representations or 
warranties about the existing platform. No regulatory authority 
has examined or approved of any of the information set out in 
this white paper. Thus, no action has been or will be taken under 
the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. 
The publication, distribution or dissemination of this white paper 
does not imply compliance with any applicable laws, regulatory 
requirements or rules.

Please refer to the Terms and Conditions at www.gazecoin.io for 
the terms and conditions of the Gaze Coin Initial Offering (ICO).

3



4 Introduction
A brief history of AR/VR content

The hype surrounding VR in 2015 and 2016 led many content producers, from small, independent 

creators to major gaming/movie studios and established media companies, to jump into virtual 

reality production with a voracity unseen since perhaps the dot-com explosion of the 1990s.

Major brands and advertisers, too, dove in headfirst for fear of being left behind on one of the 

most promising leaps in mass media since the advent of the Internet. Because of the rush, many 

of these brands (and the agencies that consulted them), didn’t take time to consider how these 

VR campaigns, nearly all expensive, one-off branded content activations, would actually impact 

important KPIs like brand awareness, social sentiment, website traffic and, most importantly, sales. 

These branded VR (and in some cases, AR) content pieces, while certainly having “cool factor” 

and temporary PR value, inevitably ended up existing in silos. Further, the content proved difficult 

to reuse as evergreen content as VR just was not supported on many platforms, resulting in very 

limited reach and low viewership (to be fair, this improved considerably by late-2016). Direct ability 

to impact sales or drive viewer traffic to an actual purchase was way off the table. Predictably, by 

early-2017, there were marketer rumblings of VR being a “bust”: ineffective, too expensive and 

worst of all, impossible to measure. As with all nascent tech, the dreaded “gap of disappointment” 

had arrived in full force.

Yet…

Today, VR and AR technology is still gaining tremendous momentum. According to IDC, the VR/AR 

market is expected to reach $215B by 2021 (doubling every year for the next 3 years) with a  

VR/AR device population greater than 100M units. Other analysts suggest a similar trajectory, with 

some estimates even exceeding IDC’s. Facebook has acquired a total of twelve AR/VR companies 

(most notably Oculus for $2B in 2014) and Google and Apple have also both invested heavily 

in immersive media, highlighted most recently by their respective announcements of ARCore 

and ARKit augmented reality dev kits available globally making AR a new standard for both the 

Android and IOS mobile operating systems from now on. Hardware players are in, too: Microsoft, 

Intel, Qualcomm, practically every player in consumer and enterprise tech as well as every major 

Hollywood and gaming studio are significantly investing, staffing and preparing for this imminent 

next wave. 

Still, VR/AR will not grow on forecasts, staffing and hope alone. This medium will not grow without 

monetization. That can’t happen without advertisers. Gaze Coin exists to bridge the gap between 

the promise of VR/AR and the ability for brands and content owners to capitalize on it.

Gaze Coin is the solution for advertisers, content makers and 
audiences in VR/AR.



5 The Problem
VR/AR monetization attempts to date: 
20th century models for 21st century technology

Presently, there is no universal ad-based, ad-driven mechanic for driving content inside VR 

and AR. As a result, essentially, only two business models have been attempted in VR/AR — 

people either pay up front, a la carte, for content downloads/streams or they pay via a content 

subscription. This presents several issues:

1.  Credit cards are a barrier to accessing premium content (in VR, you can’t get your card out / trying 

to fill in credit card forms while immersed is difficult!).

2.  There is no incentive other than curiosity for users to experience new and varied immersive content.

3.  The ingenuity of user-driven content (customization, remixing, sharing of others’ content) remains 

stifled until inherent copyright issues are solved. This is a legacy Internet media dilemma that 

should not be imported into the new media of VR/AR.

4.  Game currencies are still in their infancy in terms of portability across virtual worlds.

5.  Perhaps most ominously, as we have learned through the contraction of the music business and 

disruption of all media businesses over the past fifteen years, consumers are generally adverse to 

paying for content and have forced prices downward. The plethora of free content across social 

media exacerbates this.

Ad-supported models are very promising in VR/AR considering the wide breadth of potential 

options (virtual signage, objects, storefronts, product placement, video/audio content, virtual 

search), but have struggled to gain traction yet, due to hurdles like:

1.  Applying traditional advertising models of the 2D web to VR/AR that require users to stop and 

watch an ad makes immersion unworkable.

2.  The current lack of an ad metric/data layer while creating and interacting with virtual assets. 

The metaverse-in-progress needs to evolve.

3.  Advertisers are reluctant to adopt VR/AR (beyond concerns of market penetration) because of 

a fundamental problem with monetization VR/ AR consumption: how do you measure it (and 

therefore determine ROI)?

Advertisers considered VR/AR as their number-two focus in 2017 for digital marketing technologies, 

according to AdMaster Mobile.1 Yet, business models that work in web/mobile do not work in VR/AR - 

as VR and AR are fundamentally different mediums because literally everywhere you go, look or touch 

in VR and AR can be monetized.

1 AdMaster Mobile Survey 11/20/16 - 12/12/16



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

6 The Solution
Gaze Coin fixes the main problem with monetizing VR/AR: 
How do you measure it (and therefore calculate ROI)?

Using patent-registered technology, Gaze Coin is the only VR/AR blockchain token (unit of exchange) 

measured by gaze control/eye tracking. By measuring “gaze”, Gaze Coin creates a model for 

advertising in VR/AR environments (from short-form experiences and simple digital objects all the 

way to fully-rendered virtual worlds) at the heart of how mixed reality is created and consumed 

through the eyes of the beholder. Brands can use eye-tracking in a myriad of ways: to evaluate their 

packaging designs, advertising, and online shopping behavior, in order to optimize the customer 

experience. Metrics include engagement (number of fixations, dwell time, % of time in an area), ease 

of processing (fixation duration), findability (time to first fixation and number of fixations prior to first 

fixation), order of processing (gaze path), comprehension (repeat fixations) and excitement (pupil 

dilation). All of those analytics metrics are built into the Gaze Coin development roadmap.

Benefits
1.  Immutable (once a transaction is recorded, cannot be changed - only updated with another 

transaction; record visible to all stakeholders)

2.  Measurable (specific and quantitatively verifiable) 

3.  Validates Engagement (stakeholders have visibility into exactly what assets users are engaging 

with, interacting with, viewing, etc.) 

4.  Customizable, Expandable (content creators/owners can mint their own token)

5.  Useful for all things VR/AR (token has a wide variety of uses and can measure content, objects, 

spaces, avatars and more)

6.  Non-Disruptive (operates seamlessly in the background without programming intervention)

7.  Scalable (distributed and decentralized using Ethereum and later scalable through Plasma. The 

blockchain will be able to scale alongside the metaverse.)

1)  ADVERTISER buys 
Gaze Coin campaign.

2)  Platform pays Gaze Coin to CONTENT 
CREATOR / TALENT and RIGHTS 
HOLDER based on amount of time 
user spends engaged with content.

3)  Platform rewards Gaze Coin 
to USER / FAN based on 
amount of time user spends 
engaged with content.

What Goes On in Gaze Coin Backend During VR/AR Experience



7 What is Gaze Control?
Gaze control is a tool used by VR and AR creators allowing audiences to trigger content by looking 

in the direction of the content (oftentimes cued by spatial audio). This ensures the content launches 

only when a user is ready to experience it, similar to a user “clicking through” on traditional web/

mobile media. Empowered to engage in their own time according to their true interests, gaze control 

gives audiences agency while immersed.

Gaze Coin Defined
Introducing a unit of exchange measured by Gaze: 
A win-win-win for content owners, advertisers and users.

Gaze Coin uses the concept of “gaze” to create a business model for VR and AR by creating a unit 

of exchange between content owners, advertisers and users measured initially by gaze and then, 

more specifically, through eye tracking. By charging advertisers for the time users spend genuinely 

engaged, content owners are incentivized to provide the most engaging content. Further, the model 

rewards users for consuming that content, allowing it to be offered for free.

The economics and token flow in the Gaze Coin ecosystem 
is as follows:

Using eye tracking, Gaze Coin calculates the exact amount of time users spend either looking at 

specific content (including objects) and/or the specific amount of time they spend immersed inside 

content. It then creates a micro-transaction that:

•  charges the advertiser for that time,

•  pays the content owner, and

•  rewards the user for consuming the content.

1 )   USER / FAN shows 
interest in content

2)  Gaze triggers an 
immersive environment

3)  USER / FAN disolves into 
an immersive environment

How Gaze Control Works in VR



8 Gaze Coin is the killer app for immersive advertising, allowing 
brands to:

•  calculate precise ROI on VR/AR advertising and other VR/AR activations,

•  collect meaningful data on consumer behavior in VR/AR, and

•  evolve the ad format from interruptive ads that obstruct VR/AR experiences to more native, 

engaging formats including even becoming the entire experience.

Gaze Coin also includes a mechanism that calculates and tracks content as it is changed and/or 

added to inside VR/AR - storing that information in its proprietary blockchain.

Gaze Coin is the killer app for tracking copyright in VR/AR, 
allowing rights holders to:

•  track content as it is created and changed in VR/ AR (remixed, versioned, addended, transferred, 

licensed, sold, discontinued, etc.) as well as track its consumption,

•  collect meaningful data on content usage, lifecycle and audience engagement, and

•  manage correct, appropriate payments to respective parties.

The Gaze Coin blockchain ensures that advertisers, content owners and users receive payments 

and data calculated precisely from user engagement and allows that data to be scrutinized openly 

without any hidden factors.

Accurately calculated and accessible engagement-based transactional data, together with precise 

monetization calculations, is the VR/AR business model holy grail; an engine that funds the 

expansion of content and elevates the synergy between stakeholders.

•  Advertiser is incentivized to place ads/branded content by growing user reach/engagement,

•  Content owners are incentivized to provide quality content by advertiser patronage and growing 

user reach/engagement,

•  Users are incentivized by content owner rewards and quality content, resulting in larger reach and 

engagement that advertiser wants.

Incentives are aligned in a symbiotic way that encourages 
ecosystem growth = win-win-win



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

9 GazeCoin Token (GZE)
Technical Specifications

The patent-registered Gaze Coin (GZE) blockchain accomplishes two main functions:

1. Auditability of gaze payments

2. Provenance of virtual content

Mechanics: First, Gaze Coin securely stores ownership data about content assets in VR and AR 

(objects, experiences, environments, worlds). Then, it embeds transactional metadata (linked to 

telemetry data of the user action that triggered the transaction: gaze) across all micro transactions 

involving those assets. This information is directly available to the advertiser and content owner and 

cannot be forged. As content is added and remixed in the virtual world, the blockchain creates an 

indelible audit trail of these changes, enabling long-tail royalty payments to content owners.

Token Specifications: Initially, GZE will be an ERC20 token with smart contracts on the Ethereum 

network. GZE will migrate to its own ‘proof of stake’ blockchain when the Plasma or OmiseGO 

blockchain becomes available.

Platform Compatibility: GZE will be open sourced and interoperable with both Ethereum and 

Bitcoin. Content owners and advertisers alike will be able to create their own native tokens on the 

Gaze Coin blockchain, providing a platform for VR/AR developers (content owners, brands, artists,

creators) to launch their own coins unique to their brand. These tokens are able to be traded within 

the Gaze Coin decentralized exchange by users, increasing liquidity and utility of the token.

Other Requirements: Transactions on the Gaze Coin blockchain must be paid in GZE and GZE is 

required to create and forge new tokens. 

The Gaze Coin blockchain gives all stakeholders the freedom, security and material incentive needed 

while at the same time building value in the GazeCoin token itself.



10 Gaze Coin API Can Be Used Anywhere
The Gaze Coin API and wallet allow gaze to be measured and monetized in any VR or AR content 

(experiences, environments, worlds). Further, all stakeholders (content owners, advertisers, users) are 

incentivized to integrate the Gaze Coin API into content that they are either creating or recommending.

Consider the following examples:

Gaze Coin in a virtual world (with-advertiser example)
Front-End Action: Suppose there is a DJ who is sponsored by Red Bull, Vans and Quiksilver.  

A fan of the DJ enters the VR world and is drawn to the DJ’s virtual nightclub by spatial audio  

(akin to how music lures fans to where the DJ is in real life). By ‘gazing’ at the nightclub for long 

enough to show interest, the fan dissolves into the nightclub interior.

Backend Gaze Coin Action: Gaze Coin makes a ‘gaze’ calculation based on how long the fan 

remains immersed within the nightclub and facilitates the following transactions across our key 

three stakeholders:

The advertiser payment to the DJ (content owner) based on how long the fan remains immersed 

within the music (inside the nightclub) includes two portions:

• One for the DJ to keep, and

•  One for the DJ to reward the fan (user) for participating/consuming. The reward (in the form of a

blockchain contract) in this example can take the form of merchandise, tickets to gigs or any other

item of value from DJ to fan.

1 )  USER / FAN shows interest in 
a DJ (CONTENT OWNER)

2)  USER / FAN gaze triggers an immersive environment,
USER / FAN disolves into the nighclub interior

3)  ADVERTISER pays GazeCoin to DJ (CONTENT OWNER)
based on duration of USER / FAN engagement (gaze)

4)  DJ (CONTENT OWNER) rewards GazeCoin to
USER / FAN based on engagement (gaze)



11 Gaze Coin in an AR app (no advertiser example)
Front-End Action: Walking down a real-world street, an augmented-reality digital doorway appears overlaid 

over a common public place in the real world. When gazing at the doorway for long enough to show 

interest, the doorway is opened and the user is transported to another augmented-reality environment.

Backed Gaze Coin Action: Gaze Coin makes a gaze calculation based on how long the user looks at 

the doorway and how long the user remains in the augmented-reality environment. It then facilitates 

the following transactions across our key two stakeholders:

• The User Growth Pool (explained on pg. 12) pays the content owner of the AR environment.

• The User Growth Pool pays the user a reward for the time spent consuming the AR content.

A GazeCoin payout simulation/calculator containing Engagement, Gaze Path, Fixation Duration, 

Hang Time, Repeat Fixation, and Pupil Dilation variables is available at https://gazecoin.io. 

Gaze Coin for Tracking Digital 
Copyright in VR/AR
Particularly relevant use cases for tracking copyright in VR/AR include 3D objects (gaming weapons/ 

skins, hologram characters/avatars or branded virtual items, for example), music (which is often 

remixed), and user-generated content (UGC) based on copyrighted material. Gaze Coin calculates 

how each asset fragment is consumed and creates a micropayment payable to content owners 

accordingly. Consider the following example whereby users change a digital asset (in this case, 

players adding new capabilities to an avatar in a game):

When the avatar is originally added to the game, the blockchain generates a unique ‘trackable’ token 

for that avatar. Although players may purchase the same avatar at first, whenever each player buys 

different moves for the character, the avatar is then considered altered and unique to that player. Gaze 

Coin uses a process called ‘forging’ to track and monetize both the avatar fragment and the move 

fragment. Thus, as new moves are created, they, too, have their own token. When the two are brought 

together, a new ‘forged’ token is generated made up of the fragments of content (the character plus 

the unique moves) that make up that character. If the character earns money, the revenues flow back 

via the tracking token to the rights holders/creators of the fragments accordingly.

If the ALTERED PLAYER AVATAR earns GazeCoin, the revenue flows back to the 
RIGHTS HOLDER / CREATOR according to respective content fragments

A unique trackable token 
is created when a PLAYER 
AVATAR is added to game

PLAYER AVATAR 
uses GazeCoin to 
purchase moves

After purchase, the PLAYER 
AVATAR becomes an ALTERED 

PLAYER AVATAR with new 
moves added as fragments

ALTERED 
PLAYER AVATAR
potentially earns 

GazeCoin



12 Ecosystem Kickstart
User Growth Pool Makes Content Free / Rewards Content Makers 
in Near-Term

Because content first needs an audience to attract advertisers, 
Gaze Coin will launch with a model that incentivizes audiences 
to experience content - by paying them in GazeCoin - to build  
near-term audience reach. The “User Growth Pool” provides an 
egg to solve the proverbial chicken-and-egg dilemma affecting all 
new technology.

Specifically, the Gaze Coin ICO allocates 10% of tokens to the User Growth Pool. As such, when no 

advertiser is yet in place, content owners and users earn a micropayment based on the amount of 

time users are immersed inside content. 

Gaze Coin will continue to reward content owners/creators and users for providing premium content 

experiences. 1% of total transactions involving Gaze Coin across all networks, content and worlds 

flows in replenishing the User Growth Pool.



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

13

What crypto-currencies are accepted in the crowdsale? 

ETH will be accepted in the crowd sale. You will be required to have an Ethereum wallet of which 

you control the private key pointed at the token/ crowdsale address to participate in the crowd 

sale. GZE are Ethereum-derived tokens. If you hold BTC, or some other crypto-currency, it can be 

exchanged for ETH and used to participate in the crowd sale.

Technology Demo

Gaze Coin will deliver a fully immersive VR experience/environment using Gaze Coin technology 

prior to the start of the ICO. The demo will be built upon the Dream Channel virtual world created 

by Gaze Coin founder Jonny Peters as showcased at the Cannes Film Festival May 2017. The app 

and world will demonstrate key elements of immersive technology, including spatial audio cues and 

gaze-triggered content, and it will output user engagement telemetry.

The ICO
Gaze Coin ICO Overview

Symbol

GZE

Crowd-sale Launch Date & Time

11AM EST
10 December 2017

Time Frame

11 days

Platform

Ethereum Blockchain

Minimum Financing

US$2 million

Target Financing

US$12 million
Hard Cap $35 million

Exchange Rate

1GZE = US$0.35

(Approximately US$.35c in ETH. Exact rate 

TBA shortly before the ICO start date)

Bonus Offered

Qualified investors may access a pre-sale bonus 

through our SAFT (simple agreement for future 

tokens) partner. A pre-sale bonus will also be 

offered to strategic investors and investors that 

wish to invest more than $10,000 USD. 

Please contact support@gazecoin.io for any 

questions about the pre-sale.

Token Allocation 70% distributed in sale

Advisors   5%

Team 10%

Contractors   5%

User Growth Pool 10%

Budget Allocation

Game Development 48% of budget

Administration  10% of budget

Marketing 22% of budget

Contractors  13% of budget

Contingency    7% of budget



14
Gaze Bounty (GB)

1% of the total supply of GZE has been set aside for community bounties. The community is invited to 

earn a proportion of this bounty by participating in the ICO process. As a special incentive, Gaze Bounty 

has been created as a reward to participants who experience and/or promote Gaze Coin prior to the sale. 

Participants will be allocated a specific amount of GB for promoting Gaze Coin on blogs, tweets and 

other social media as well as for participating in the aforementioned tech demo. They will share 

1% of tokens pro rata based on the sum total of GB they have earned. Participants can access the 

Dream Channel virtual world through the Dream Channel VR apps on Steam, Vive, or Samsung 

GearVR. More details regarding the bounty GB can be found at https://gazecoin.io.

What Amount is Being Raised? What is the Token Cap?

There is a hard cap of $35 million. Tokens will be sold at a fixed rate equivalent to 35 US cents per 

GZE in ETH, until the ICO period ends or the hard cap is reached. The exact ETH to GZE conversion 

rate will be announced shortly before the ICO start date.

If the minimum funding amount of $2 million isn’t reached, all ETH will be refunded. 

Irrespective of whether the minimum $2 million or $35 million is raised, the total amount of tokens 

sold during the presale summed with the total of tokens sold in the public sale will represent 70% of 

the supply of all GZE. These will be sold in the crowd sale at a price that is the equivalent of US$0.35 

each. The exact price is TBA closer to the ICO date.

Reward for Content Owners Who Provide Premium Content Experiences

A 1% licensing fee will accrue on all Gaze Coin transactions. This is paid as a reward to content 

providers who provide premium content experiences (allocated pro rata to the most popular content 

once initial user growth pool exhausted). Content providers earn from this pool proportional to the 

total gaze time that was generated on the platform each day.

How will Gaze Coin use ETH Raised During Token Launch?

The ETH received in the crowd sale will be used by Gaze Coin to build a mixed reality (MR) platform 

integrated with the Gaze Coin blockchain that provides developer tools allowing advertisers and 

content producers to create the immersive entertainment worlds of the future. The platform/API 

features, detailed in Appendices A and B, are demonstrated in a functional proof-of-concept: “Dream 

Channel VR” (Dream Channel). Dream Channel is a first-person, open-universe, open-source 

survival MMORPG (accessible via the Dream Channel VR app on Vive, Steam and GearVR). The 

game rewards any content creator, advertiser or user in Gaze Coin to integrate Gaze Coin API into 

their respective VR/AR content - allowing monetization through gaze.

Tokens Linked to Virtual-Land Bonuses

As further incentive, all participants in the token sale who spend more than US$5,000 receive a 

virtual-land bonus. As virtual real estate zones become where high-profile content owners, advertisers 

and users cluster (VR/AR content “hotbeds”), the prices of virtual-land in those areas will increase. 

These virtual-land bonuses are already built and can be viewed inside the Dream Channel VR app.

Funding Milestones & Deliverables / Road Map

The Gaze Coin team has seven clear milestones as targets for the token sale proceeds, outlined in 

Funding Milestones / Roadmap.

Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.



15 Gaze Coin Summary
Finally, We Can All Make Money in VR/AR 

Blockchain technology is an essential component in a new 
model for the VR/AR ecosystem. A user might easily engage 
with ten pieces of content during a brief visit to a virtual world or 
experience, meaning there could effectively be tens of thousands 
of transactions to record, track and make micropayments against. 
Moreover, in a world where content is frequently augmented or 
altered, it is challenging to accurately attribute exposure and credit 
to owners/creators. Further adding to the complexity is the massive 
amount of participants in the transactions - advertisers, content 
owners/creators and individual consumers. 

The Gaze Coin platform was specifically designed to solve the monetization challenges of VR/AR 

content, indeed the monetization challenges of the metaverse itself. A blockchain-enabled solution 

that securely stores ownership and transaction data about content assets in VR/AR, tracking and 

managing micropayments associated with content consumption, Gaze Coin empowers content 

owners, advertisers and users to create, build and experience the VR/AR ecosystem with stability 

and trust.

The platform’s unit of currency is Gaze Coin’s own Ethereum-based token, GZE. This token will be 

available for content owners/creators, advertisers, and users to buy and sell in-experience, and to 

exchange for Ethereum tokens.

As consumers increasingly embrace VR and AR, they expect content producers and brands to 

be there with engaging content to capture their attention. Gaze Coin provides the infrastructural 

backbone of the VR/AR creative economy, delivering the fairness, trust, security and exchange 

mechanism required to ensure creativity can flourish. With Gaze Coin handling ownership data, 

transaction tracking and micropayments, content owner, advertiser and user stakeholders alike  

can focus on their core competencies: providing the next generation of amazing experiences,  

worlds and universes.



16 Funding Milestones/Roadmap
Gaze Coin is building a mixed-reality platform (already initiated, 
as featured at the Cannes Film Festival May 2017) in tandem 
with and powered by the Gaze Coin blockchain. This provides 
developers with the functional tools to create the virtual worlds 
of the future - taking audiences from the real world to the virtual 
world and back again. The platform roadmap includes: 

(I) US$2 Million
 Gaze Coin API / WALLET
  The Gaze Coin wallet powers immersive interactions by measuring, conducting and 

then storing any associated transactions and/or token coins. The Gaze Coin API is able 

to integrate with any VR/AR content (experience, environment, world) and features a 

developer toolkit allowing monetization through advertising and gaze-triggered  

audience engagement.

(II) US$5 Million
  VIRTUAL/AUGMENTED REAL ESTATE (CONNECTED 3D VR/AR WORLDS) + SOCIAL 

NETWORK ENGINE

  Gaze Coin is developing a powerful virtual real estate and social network toolkit to function 

throughout the decentralized platform. Developed from the first use case of Dream 

Channel VR, an environment already built containing virtual cities connected through an 

overarching story narrative, the Gaze Coin API will progress to allow unique, custom and 

connected virtual worlds.

(III) US$12 Million
  PROCEDURAL ENGINE DRIVING AUTOMATED VIRTUAL WORLD GENERATION
  Gaze Coin will build a procedural engine allowing developers to build theoretically infinite 

immersive worlds created through random procedural generation and deterministic 

algorithms. A single seed number will be used to create world features via mathematical 

computation, eliminating the need to create each feature by hand. Content creators 

(developers) will create a base level design for the look and feel of a singular element (a 

street, structure or block, for example) and then let the code replicate this for an entire city.

(IV) US$20 Million
  NAVIGATION SYSTEMS / TOLLWAYS BETWEEN WORLDS: 

THE WORMHOLE TRANSPORT SYSTEM

  Gaze Coin will build a transport system within the platform that allows users to teleport 

themselves from one virtual world to another: the Wormhole Transport System (WTS).  



17
For the metaverse to reach its full potential, users need both a means and incentive 

to navigate between worlds and world builders also need an incentive to create these 

connections. Gaze Coin is the incentive, the Wormhole Transport System is the means.

(V) US$ 25 Million
 CHOOSE-YOUR-OWN-ADVENTURE STORY ENGINE
  Gaze Coin will develop the choose-your-own-adventure (CYOA) story engine. Stories are 

the true drivers of VR/AR worlds. Story is what keeps audiences engaged and immersed. 

Content creators (developers, world builders) will be able to use the Gaze Coin CYOA story 

engine to create the immersive narratives of the future.

(VI) US$30 Million
 MIXED REALITY PLATFORM
  Gaze Coin will develop the fully-functional Gaze Coin mixed-reality (MR) platform that 

will employ the AR cloud to power persistent VR/AR worlds. The vision is to connect the 

real world and the immersive world as seamless environments where all interactions are 

measured and monetized through gaze.

(VII) US$35 Million
 EPIC MIXED REALITY GAME
  Gaze Coin will develop a fully developed epic eSports MR game that puts the entire 

Gaze Coin platform into action - an R&D test bed for all stakeholders (content creators/

developers, advertisers and users). All revenues generated from the game will flow through 

to fund the User Growth Pool. The game will test and prove every aspect of the Gaze Coin 

ecosystem and will be the means of marketing and promoting itself. eSports teams can 

compete in a winner-take-all matchup for GazeCoin token.



18 Team 
The Gaze Coin team is made up of entrepreneurs, scientists, 
blockchain and financial experts, entertainment execs and  
VR/AR producers/world builders. Possessing several decades 
of experience, an eye on the future and an ideal mix of diverse 
expertise, this team is poised to win. 

Jonny Peters
Founder and CEO

With over 20 years of leading-edge creative vision, CEO and Founder Jonny 

Peters is an award-winning mixed-reality producer, director and world builder. 

Often leading projects at the forefront of entertainment and tech, he raised nearly 

$12M in 1998 for Kgrind, a multichannel music and action sports broadband 

TV network. In 2001, Jonny was recruited to BSkyB, where he build red-button 

apps for Sky’s Electronic Programme Guide (EPG). After producing a successful 

reality TV series for Bravo, he was awarded a European Union Film Award in 

2010 for his film Lucydia and crossed over into mixed-reality filmmaking and 

world building shortly after. 

Jonny has produced interactive formats throughout his career, with work 

including mobile and tethered VR experiences, virtual worlds, interactive reality 

TV and traditional film. His MFA master’s thesis on blending virtual worlds and 

traditional filmmaking is the philosophical basis and mechanistic rationale for the 

Gaze Coin platform. He holds an MFA in virtual worlds and Graduate Diploma in 

directing from Australian Film Television and Radio School and BE in economics 

from Macquarie University.

Bok Khoo
CTO/Chief Scientist

Bok is an actuary and quantitative software developer who has worked with 

banking and corporate treasury clients, investment managers, exchanges, 

government agencies and financial soft vendors throughout APAC and  

Europe for over 28 years. Also known as BokkyPooBah on Ethereum, 

StackExchange and r/Ethereum, Bok serves as CTO/Chief Scientist for  

Gaze Coin as a larger commitment to bringing decentralized trustless  

exchanges to the Ethereum blockchain.



19 Landon Curry
VR Technical Team Director

Landon built the world’s first VR department store for Ebay and the world’s first 

VR racing simulator for Red Bull. Few people can rival Landon’s commercial VR 

experience; his client list as Partner/Managing Director for Red Cartel includes 

Toyota, Subaru, Konica, Honda and Shell. Before Red Cartel, he was Managing 

Director of the Visualization Company and Director at Twitch Studios for 8 years. 

Landon holds a graduate advanced diploma in 3D graphics and animation from 

Computer Graphics College. 

The Gaze Coin VR tech team are technical experts across a gamut 
of specialized disciplines in immersive media. A selection of the 
team’s most notable commercial VR projects include an AR vehicle 
visualization for Toyota, an interactive VR showroom experience 
for Konica, a data visualization app for KPMG/Sydney University, 
interactive vehicle turntable design for Honda and a four-player 
VR pit stop simulation for Shell VPower. 

David Kelly
Real-Time Rendering 

Specialist

Cenk Baban
VR Radio Producer

David Greene
Producer / 

Programmer / VR 
Radio DJ (Dave 

Goode)

Mark Mulligan
VR Tech Lead

Craig Saunders
VR Producer

Sean Simon
Procedural Coder/ 

Wormhole Developer



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

20 Alex Stojcic
CIO

Alex Stojcic (stoy-chich) is the easy going CIO at Gaze Coin. He received his 

Bachelor of Computer Engineering degree at the University of Wollongong and 

has been working in technology for close to 20 years. After two years as an early 

employee growing and scaling Health Fidelity a successful Silicon Valley startup, 

Alex returned to Australia at the end of 2016 to give back and work in the 

startup virtual reality community where he most recently pioneered volumetric 

video for a cinematic virtual reality project at Diesel Immersive. When he isn’t 

playing sport most days of the week he is known to jump on an aeroplane at 

short notice to explore a new location in the world.

Brian Cobb
VR Film Producer

Brian is an accomplished film, digital and VR producer. He is the Executive 

Producer of the SPAA Award-winning series The Horizon, which has amassed 

over 50M views globally. Most recently, his Dream Channel VR premiered at 

Cannes 2017 with co-producer and Gaze Coin CEO Jonny Peters. No stranger to 

Cannes, Brian had two short films selected as part of the festival’s “Cinema Des 

Antipodes” in 2012 and 2013.The Screen Producers Association Australia added 

Brian to its “Ones To Watch” list in 2013 and its “Enterprise People” program 

in 2014. In 2015, Brian worked with acclaimed writer/director Stephan Elliot 

(Priscilla: Queen of the Desert) on a one-hour TV drama Horizon, based on the 

digital series and one year later, Brian produced his first feature film, Indigo Lake, 

released in April 2017. Brian holds an advanced diploma in dramatic arts from 

Australian Academy of Dramatic Arts.

Gary Ross
Legal Counsel

Gary is a partner at Ross & Shulga PLLC, and, through longtime clients Steemit 

and InvestFeed, has spent several years at the forefront of cryptocurrency. 

Gary focuses his practice on securities law, venture capital/private equity and 

corporate governance. An adjunct professor at Seton Hall Law School, Gary 

has extensive experience advising SEC- registered and exempt capital markets 

transactions. He has contributed his expertise to features in The New York 

Times, MarketWatch, Associated Press and Corporate Counsel magazine and 

holds a JD from Northwestern University and BBA from University of Miami.



21 Saul Hudson
Global Communications Director

Saul is a leading blockchain communications specialist, raising the profiles of 

cryptocurrency companies through targeted public relations and content creation 

during token crowd sales. Formerly GM Americas for Reuters News, he oversaw 

operations for 600 journalists across multicultural newsrooms with an annual 

spend of $80 million. An accomplished journalist himself, Saul has been a 

war correspondent and reported from more than 30 countries, interviewing top 

corporate and political leaders around the world.

Matt Knox
Database Programmer

An experienced web/mobile CTO and software developer, Matt Knox is an expert 

in server-side and database technologies. He has most recently served as CTO 

of Australia’s CodeLab, where he specializes in complex distributed systems 

built on Linux and OSS for clients in Australia, New Zealand, United Kingdom 

and the United States. Matt holds a BSc in computer science/surveying from the 

University of New South Wales.

Advisors
The Gaze Coin Advisory Board includes experts across both 
established financial and entertainment disciplines and  
bleeding-edge fintech and immersive media.

Jeremy Lam
Product Lead, OmiseGO

As Product Lead, Jeremy is leading the first implementation of Ethereum scaling 

solution Plasma at OmiseGO. Jeremy was the creator of Vennd, a block-chain-as-

a-service company and early counterparty-based vending machine platform that 

powered many pre-Ethereum ICOs. Prior to that, Jeremy was a consultant in the 

interest rate and credit derivatives investment banking industry.

George Samman
Blockchain Investor & Advisor

After co-founding BTC.sx (now Magnr), a bitcoin trading platform in 2013, 

George is a blockchain/cryptocurrency consultant and advisor to global financial 

institutions, startups and law firms. He writes on blockchain technology and 

use cases at sammantics.com. George holds a MA in international finance from 

Columbia University and a BA in Political Science from University of Delaware.



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

22 Travis Rice
VR Industry Advisor

Travis is co-founder of The LENS Group - a global VR company with a focus in 

China. Travis has more than twenty years of experience working as a curator and 

producer with artists and emerging technology across museums, galleries and 

the tech sector in over two dozen countries. His prior experience includes work  

at Apple, Biennale of Sydney, First Night Austin and Blizzard Entertainment.

Kunio Okuda
Blockchain Investor and Advisor to Japan & Asia

Kunio is an established Japan/APAC localization and community management 

expert to emerging fintech companies in the blockchain and AI spaces. A 

cryptocurrency investor and entrepreneur, he is also the community management 

officer for OmiseGO.

James Sugrue
Ad-tech Advisor

AFK Founder, James Sugrue has a firm belief that the successful agencies of 

the future need to be filled with disruptive thinkers that are proactive in creating 

a digital realm that is “Away From Keyboard”. He has built a close-knit team 

of talented, like minded tech creatives, who work alongside clients to create a 

seamless movement across emerging devices. AFK have won multiple awards 

since incorporation for innovation in the digital space for both AFK’s Sydney and 

Dublin offices.

A leader in pioneering digital campaigns since its inception in 2009, James has 

a passion for emerging technologies and his agency has delivered award winning 

ad-tech campaigns since 2010.

Evan Luthra
Cryptocurrency Publicity Advisor

Evan Luthra has that rare and coveted ability to turn original ideas into 

businesses that are both revolutionary and profitable.  Evan’s strategy follows 

a simple, but proven formula: conceptualize, innovate, execute, from being an 

early investor in Eaze.com (fastest growing on-demand tech company in 2016) 

to most recently launching Wheelys (INC top 15 company to watch in 2017).

He is a featured speaker at different universities and conferences around the 

globe, covering mobile apps, entrepreneurship and trending tech topics. Evan 

is heavily involved in VR with multiple companies in his portfolio including 

Advir.co, VEPInternational.com. Within the crypto market, Evan’s company has 

successfully executed on multiple ICOs, raising upwards of $25 Million to date. 

He is now is working with Hashgraph to build what is known as Blockchain 2.0.



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

APPENDIX A 
Gaze Coin Roadmap
Although there has been considerable disillusionment among advertisers with VR/AR after the 

growing pains of 2015-2016, the medium continues to gain impressive momentum. A market 

expected to double every year for the next three years, reaching $215B by 2021, immersive media 

represents one of the greatest technological leaps in the modern age, a tremendous opportunity for 

advertisers and content producers alike. Despite analyst optimism, there is still a glaring deficiency 

in the VR/AR ecosystem; one that threatens to undermine all its potential until solved: it remains 

astonishingly difficult to monetize VR and AR. Business models that work in web/mobile do not  

work in VR/AR - as VR/AR is a fundamentally different medium because literally everywhere you go, 

look or touch in VR and AR can be monetized.

Gaze Coin is specifically designed to solve the challenges of monetizing VR/AR. Using patented 

technology, Gaze Coin is a VR/AR blockchain token (unit of exchange) measured by gaze control/

eye tracking. By measuring “gaze”, the token creates a model for advertising in VR/AR environments 

(from short-form experiences and simple digital objects all the way to fully-rendered virtual worlds) 

at the heart of how mixed reality is created and consumed: gaze control. 

A seamless, scalable and secure solution providing advertisers, content owners and users the engine 

to measure and monetize true engagement inside VR and AR, Gaze Coin even allows stakeholders 

to launch their own branded tokens to power their unique, respective content (experiences, 

environments, worlds) in turn. Gaze Coin exists to bridge the gap between the promise of VR/AR  

and the ability for brands and content owners to capitalize on it. 

Gaze Coin is both the killer app for VR/AR advertising and tracking copyright (DRM) in VR/AR. 

The Gaze Coin ecosystem is delivered through a mixed-reality platform with developer toolkit 

that allows the community to build blockchain tracked worlds where every audience action is 

incentivized and monetized.

This Appendix provides a detailed road map for the development 
of the ecosystem.

23



24 Gaze Coin Functional Lab: 
The Dream Channel VR Virtual World
Gaze Coin is building a mixed-reality (MR) platform powered by 
the Gaze Coin blockchain. To kick off this platform, the Gaze Coin 
team has launched the Dream Channel VR (Dream Channel) 
“open-universe” game. 

Dream Channel is the first version of the larger MR platform and will serve as a functional proof of 

concept, critical first use case and working demonstration of the Gaze Coin blockchain. Gaze Coin 

will make all the tools created for this available for the entire Gaze Coin ecosystem (including the MR 

platform) and it will be these same tools developers can use to create the virtual worlds of the future.

Funding Milestones /  
Development Roadmap
The following serves as a detailed roadmap of Gaze Coin platform development, containing 

milestones that will be unlocked with each funding target met.

(I) US$2 Million
Gaze Coin API/WALLET

Timeline: 6 months

Phase 1 of Gaze Coin development is the completion of the Gaze Coin wallet and API. The 

wallet powers immersive interactions by measuring, conducting and then storing any associated 

transactions and/or token coins. The API able to be integrated with any VR/AR content (experience, 

environment, world) and feature a developer toolkit that allows monetization through advertising 

and audience engagement.

Wallet/API Key Features:

1.  Visual interface that allows users to better understand, view and trade their token coins.

2.  Ability for users to exchange Gaze Coin across any VR/AR experience, environment or world

using the Gaze Coin API.

3.  Ability for users to launch their own branded token coins, exchange branded token coins between

VR/AR experiences, environments and worlds, and participate in a wholly secondary market for

branded token coins.

4. Seamlessly allows value transfer from the virtual world to the real world and back again.



25
Example In Practice:

A user’s actions in VR/AR, such as spending over a certain threshold of time inside a specific 

experience, finding a specific virtual object/”easter egg”, completing a game level or sharing content,

can be programmed to generate a VIP token sent to their wallet. The token may provide the user 

with access to real-world rewards: discounts, event access, exclusive content, etc. This can also 

work for transferring ownership of real-world assets: money, physical property, etc.

(II) US$5 Million
   VIRTUAL/AUGMENTED REAL ESTATE (CUSTOM CONNECTED 3D VR/AR 

ENVIRONMENTS) & SOCIAL NETWORK ENGINE

  Timeline: 12 months

Phase 2 of Gaze Coin development involves a toolkit empowering virtual real estate growth and 

social network functions throughout the decentralized ecosystem of the MR platform. Developed 

from Dream Channel, where the team has already built virtual cities connected through an 

overarching story narrative, the Gaze Coin API will progress to allow unique, custom virtual worlds.

Virtual Real Estate/Environment Key Features:

1.  Ability to calculate and collect rent payments on virtual-land.

2.  Ability to launch custom (branded) VR/AR experiences, environments, storefronts and worlds (and 

use branded token there if desired).

3.  Integration with Gaze Coin to track and manage ownership and financial transactions.

4.  Property value appreciation via premium content (the more users engage with content, virtual 

areas become recognized as “premium content generation zones” driving up property value).

Social Network Key Features:

1.  Integrated content/user ranking and reward systems (monetized using Gaze Coin).

2.  User-generated content channels Dream Channel Virtual-Land Bonus with Gaze Coin ICO. 

As part of the Gaze Coin token sale, participants who spend more than US$5,000 receive virtual 

land packages.

NIGHT CLUB (real world) <<<< WALLET <<<< VIP TOKEN <<<< VR WORLD EXPERIENCE



26
Token Sale / Land Packages:

 (i) US$ 5,000
  VIRTUAL APARTMENT

    Virtual apartments are located in city hot spots and are used by VR/AR talent, content 

rights holders and advertisers to broadcast immersive experiences to their global audience. 

Don’t miss out on this limited offer. Visit www.gazecoin.io for offer details.

 (ii)  US$ 10,000
  VIRTUAL PENTHOUSES WITH ADDED WORMHOLE FUNCTIONALITY

    Virtual penthouses will feature connected wormholes lined with immersive content, linking 

into any number of chosen connected worlds. They also create an entry/exit point at a 

random location in the real world creating a doorway accessible using AR. Wormholes to 

and from penthouses also function as ‘toll-ways’ in between virtual worlds, measured in 

gaze coin - paid to toll-way owners.

 (iii) US$ 50,000
  VIRTUAL STREET

    A virtual street comprises of 15 x Virtual apartments and 4 x Virtual Penthouses. As an 

owner you can choose to have a street inside one of the themed Dream Channel sectors or 

you can choose to locate your street separate or located anywhere else in the metaverse that 

you choose. The Gaze Coin API provides the street with all existing functionality including 

content / talent rankings etc.



27

 (iv) US$ 100,000
  VIRTUAL SUBURB

   A virtual suburb comprises of 4 x city blocks which includes 12 Virtual Penthouses and 40 

Virtual Apartments. As an owner you can choose to link the suburb to any one of the themed 

Dream Channel sectors or you can choose to locate your suburb separately located anywhere 

else in the meta-verse. The Gaze Coin API provides the suburb with all existing functionality 

including talent ranking system that the apartments on the main street according to popularity.

 (v)  US$ 250,000
  VIRTUAL CITY

   A Virtual City consists of 8 City Sectors that add virtual apartments on the fly as residents 

join. Cities come complete with an integrated social network that allows messaging between 

residents, an AR app that allows the community to access the VR world from the real world 

- and of course a full monetization model using ‘gaze’ and Gaze Coin. The city is designed 

and branded to your needs.



28 (III) US$12 Million
  PROCEDURAL ENGINE DRIVING AUTOMATED VIRTUAL WORLD GENERATION

  Timeline: 12 months

Phase 3 of Gaze Coin development is the build of a procedural engine allowing developers to 

build theoretically infinite immersive worlds created through random procedural generation 

and deterministic algorithms. A single seed number will be used to create world features via 

mathematical computation, eliminating the need to create each feature by hand. Content creators 

(developers) will create a base level design for the look and feel of a singular element (a street, 

structure or block, for example) and then let the code replicate this for an entire city.

  Proof of Concept - Dream Channel Game
   Gaze Coin plans to develop the potential of this engine and create an effective research and 

development lab for all Gaze Coin developers through an epic ‘open-universe’ survival game using 

the engine: Dream Channel. Dream Channel is outlined in detail in Appendix B: Game Outline.

  Procedural Engine Key Features:

  1.  Deterministic algorithm generates unique configurations of virtual assets (virtual 

elements, spaces, time/era constructs, etc.),

  2.  Allows the same content to be experienced by different people differently (with certain 

attributes - imagery or POV for example - slightly altered) or by the same person 

differently every time they consume it.    



29 (IV)  US $20 Million
   NAVIGATION SYSTEMS/TOLLWAYS BETWEEN WORLDS: THE WORMHOLE 

TRANSPORT SYSTEM

  Timeline: 18 months

Phase 4 of Gaze Coin development is building a transport system within the MR platform that 

allows users to teleport themselves from one virtual world to another: the Wormhole Transport 

System (WTS). For the metaverse to reach its full potential, users need both a means and incentive 

to navigate between worlds. Likewise, VR/AR content owners/creators (world builders) also need 

an incentive to create these connections. The WTS accomplishes both aims with the key features 

outlined below.

Wormhole Transport System Key Features:

Wormholes are lined with immersive content to entertain “along the ride.” Wormholes serve as 

tollways between worlds where Gaze Coins and other custom token coins are exchanged. Wormhole 

travel creates a micropayment that rewards user for going on the journey and pays content owner/

creator for providing the immersive content lining the wormhole (paid from the User Growth Pool. 

The navigation system uses the Procedural Engine to replicate on the fly and can be used for both 

intraworld and interworld travel.

 a)   WTS Internal (Intraworld) Navigation System (Simple Wormholes) 

Audiences can engage a simple navigation system allowing them to teleport between 

sectors of a world; each one a different chapter of the story, level of a game, separate 

content piece, etc.



30
 b)   WTS External (Interworld) Navigation System (Tollway Wormholes)  

Tollway wormholes are where tokens are exchanged from one world’s to another - we 

expect mini exchanges to emerge at important junctions, where this can take place.

  Proof of Concept - VR Radio
   The foundations of the WTS have been built as a concept called VR Radio. VR Radio allows 

users to visit a music-driven virtual world, choose an artist, then travel on a wormhole 

ride through their favorite music track where, powered by the Procedural Engine, shapes, 

landscapes and objects morph and bend to the beat of the music in a unique way (no two 

journeys are ever the same). 

   The immersive experience is measured in ‘gaze’ with microtransactions flowing back to the 

rights holders of the music. This experience is part of the tech demos accompanying the 

Gaze Coin ICO. Users can download the VR Radio app, go on a series of wormhole rides, 

and then receive a sample Gaze calculation.



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

31 (V)  US$25 Million
  CHOOSE-YOUR-OWN-ADVENTURE STORY ENGINE

  Timeline: 18 months

Phase 5 of Gaze Coin development is the choose-your-own-adventure (CYOA) story engine. Stories 

are the true drivers of VR/AR worlds and what keep audiences engaged and immersed. Content 

creators (developers, world builders) will be able to use the Gaze Coin CYOA story engine to create 

the immersive narratives of the future.

The success and failure of any virtual world depends upon the narrative and resultant ability for the 

audience to engage with the story. The Gaze Coin MR platform tools will allow creators to create a 

set of complex interactions with story characters and allow users to change the outcome of the story 

based on their actions. The complexity required to make the engine work for a VR/AR story narrative 

is considerable. The engine specifications also include a cross-platform developer tool for traditional 

filmmakers to integrate VR/AR elements with feature films that have a ‘virtual reality’ bend (such as 

Steven Spielberg’s “Ready Player One”). Today, traditional filmmakers struggle with a means to add 

virtual worlds to their cinema-focused narratives. In this way, the Gaze Coin platform creates not 

only a monetized solution for traditional filmmakers but a mechanism for crossing platforms, pulling 

audiences into the immersive ecosystem.

  Proof of Concept - CYOA
   Dream Channel features a CYOA VR game experience showcased at the Cannes Film 

Festival May 2017. In this experience, audiences can play multiple characters and the 

decisions they make change the outcome. Audiences must earn enough Gaze Coin to pay 

gatekeepers, to purchase weapons and to buy moves that they will need in battle with 

other players.

  Dream Channel Story

  Log Line

  Gangsters buy and sell dreams on the black market.

  Tag Line

  Every dream has its price.

  Short Synopsis

   When Lucy’s dreams are stolen, she finds herself the star of a eSports game where 

audiences bet Gaze Coin on outcomes - a game played nightly on The Dream Channel. 

Audiences venture into the VR world and discover that their dreams have been stolen too!

  Platforms

  Feature film, ‘Choose Your Own Adventure’ VR series and virtual world.



32 (VI)  US $30 Million
  MIXED REALITY PLATFORM

  Timeline: 24 months

Phase 6 of Gaze Coin development is the fully-functional Gaze Coin MR platform that will employ 

the AR cloud to power persistent VR/AR worlds. The vision is to connect the real world and the 

immersive world as seamless environments where all interactions are measured and monetized 

through gaze.

The Gaze Coin team is relentlessly committed to a strong focus: 

• To build and advance the cohesion between the real world and the metaverse.

• To build and advance the cohesion between virtual worlds in the metaverse.

AR Applications

As the MR platform will track a user’s gaze through any device, the applications of such a platform 

are virtually endless (pun intended). From ordering clothes worn by others in the real world, to 

adding building blocks to location-based AR worlds with every object monetized, the applications are 

theoretically as vast as the human imagination.

(VII) US$35 Million
  EPIC MIXED REALITY GAME

  Timeline: 24 months

Stage 7 of Gaze Coin development is a fully-developed epic eSports MR game that puts the entire 

Gaze Coin platform into action - an R&D test bed for all stakeholders (content creators/developers, 

advertisers and users). All revenues generated from the game will flow through to fund the User 

Growth Pool. The game will test and prove every aspect of the Gaze Coin ecosystem and will be the 

means of marketing and promoting itself. eSports teams can compete in a winner-take-all match-up 

for Gaze Coins. A full outline of the game is available in Appendix B.



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

APPENDIX B
Game Outline | Gaze Coin’s Epic Mixed-Reality Game: Dream Channel

The Gaze Coin development roadmap (detailed in Appendix A) covers fundamental milestones as 

development targets from the proceeds of the Gaze Coin ICO. Throughout the roadmap, including 

work completed pre-ICO, the Gaze Coin team develops a first-person open-universe mixed-reality 

(MR) survival MMORPG, called Dream Channel VR (Dream Channel), that is the first version of a 

larger MR platform the team is building. Dream Channel will serve as a functional proof of concept, 

critical first use case and working demonstration of the Gaze Coin blockchain and developer API/

toolkit. All revenues generated from the game will flow back into the User Growth Pool (more 

details on the pool in the ICO Summary doc). Dream Channel is an eSports game where teams can 

compete in a winner-take-all matchup for GazeCoin (virtual currency). 

Overview 
An Epic Game that Unites & Monetizes the Metaverse

Dream Channel is an epic mixed reality game that rewards players in Gaze Coin for monetizing 

the metaverse - the connected VR/AR space. ‘Dream Channel’ is a subconscious entertainment 

precinct that pays players in Gaze Coin to search the metaverse for talent that could rate on Dream 

Channel TV - an immersive ‘shared’ TV channel. Players purchase a ‘wormhole blaster’ - a weapon 

that captures talent inside their content, blasting a wormhole between their location, through 

Dream Channel to an entry/exit (portal) location on planet Earth. Wormholes are lined with the 

talent’s immersive content and provide players with a toll road/transport system between virtual 

worlds - shared by the talent and the player who captured them. The highest-rated show on Dream 

Channel TV is a eSports game featuring the most popular talent (called Dreamers) uploaded to 

the precinct. Tribes use GazeCoin to bid for their favorite dreamers, who are then pitted against 

each other in a deadly dream ‘game show’ in the streets of the precinct. Dreamers are locked into 

playing the game until they have won enough GazeCoin to pay their audience back.

The Dream Channel environment is a procedurally generated open universe. The city builds 

new apartments, streets and sectors each time a new person joins the city. Dream Channel is 

a living, breathing city that grows and adapts organically.

33



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

Gameplay 
 

Players play the role of a bounty hunter exploring the entirety of the metaverse, which includes 

billions of dreams (immersive content) that can rate on The Dream Channel – an immersive 

‘shared’ TV channel. Players earn GazeCoin by finding lucid dreamers (content creators), capturing 

them with a wormhole blaster and blasting their profile from their location to The Dream Channel 

– lining it with their immersive content. The game includes deep space missions to other colonies 

including an AI Planet where a hologram version of the player uses the community to learn the 

moves of the player, sells itself to friends, and can be traded. A transport system allows players to 

travel to other games through connected wormholes where players pay GazeCoin toll to wormhole 

owners. The more content players acquire, the more they will become targets of rival lucid 

dreamers who are looking to take ownership of their dreams.

Receiving payment in GazeCoin, players are able pay wormholes owners for transportation, 

weapons and the lucrative mineral ‘Dice’ – a sleeping pill that allows them to access The Dream 

Channel itself. 360-degree content is valuable, but the most lucrative content are ‘dreams’ (3D 

fully-immersive virtual reality) – as these allow Dream Channel subscribers to fully immerse 

themselves inside and feel real emotions and danger. 

The ability for the player to explore the galaxy is only limited by the amount of GazeCoin they have 

to buy weapons, fly through wormholes and their personal supply of Dice. With wormholes linked 

to the planetary location of the talent/dreamer that it originated from, players use The Dream 

Channel to plot courses – to find other colonies and worlds. In between worlds, players may come 

across other wormhole travelers - many of whom are aligned to one of eight different dream tribes 

who are fighting each other for control of The Dream Channel. The players’ actions towards each 

tribe will determine how they are treated in future encounters. At some point, they can choose 

to join one of the tribes. Many of the tribes speak their own languages and the player may need 

to learn this to gain favor. Deep space outposts exist for trading currency, weapons and Dice and 

serve as ports for the upload/download of dreams. Many of the outposts are manned and aligned 

with specific tribes (some friendly, some hostile). Each tribe has their own ‘base city’ existing deep 

in different galaxies.

34



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

Players attract attention from other players based on their ranking. Players receive two rankings 

– a ‘player’ ranking based on their wealth in GazeCoin and also a ‘contestant’ ranking based on 

their content rating on The Dream Channel. Many tribes deal in people smuggling – transporting 

and trading high-rating lucid dreamers. Players can come under attack in wormholes and also 

while accessing The Dream Channel. If killed or captured, by they go into a coma and become the 

property of a people smuggler. If they die in space, they are spawned at their last previous space 

outpost check-in, minus any GazeCoins they have not yet cashed in and any wormholes not yet 

uploaded to The Dream Channel (now the property of the killer).

Players can purchase a special ‘Super Dice’ currency to protect themselves from losing their dreams if 

they are ever killed inside Dream Channel precinct (this is a deathmatch zone) . Living dreamers are 

worth more to players in the game for trading purposes. Players are restricted to non firing weapons 

(knives, axes, chains, spears) for hand-to-hand combat with each other inside The Dream Channel. 

Talent uploaded to the game have a limited number of Talent Tokens that can be bought and 

traded. Talent tokens provide token-holders with access to wormholes connected to the talent. The 

price of the tokens change based on their Dream Channel ‘contestant’ ranking. If a brand wants to 

sponsor, talent they must purchase Talent Tokens back from players to buy the rights to do so.

35



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

Wormhole Transport System 
The starting infrastructure to the expansion of Gaze Coin across connected virtual worlds is via a 

user-generated ‘wormhole’ transport system. The Wormhole Blaster is a camera device that captures 

content and their coordinates and blasts a wormhole – lining the wormhole with the artist’s 360 

degree content and storing it in The Dream Channel – the universal database of wormholes. If a 

wormhole gains a following, its creator, the artist and those who recommend it receive payments in 

Gaze Coin based on consumer time immersed inside that wormhole - or ‘Gaze’ – Players participate 

in a shared universe with the ability to exchange wormhole co-ordinates with friends. 

A wormhole initially creates a link between the location where the talent was discovered and another 

location on the other side of Planet Earth , directed by The Dream Channel. These wormholes can 

be random but are more likely to be directed towards locations where the talent will be well received 

by other players. Players use a VR/AR camera in their Wormhole Blaster to look into the wormhole 

and see the other side. Pulling the trigger shoots players through the wormhole where they become 

fully immersed in 360/VR content. If the wormhole is empty, travelers can line it with their own 

content. Traveling through wormholes can be dangerous as they can collapse at any time.

The ability for players to explore wormholes will be determined by buying talent tokens or by adding 

360 content to the wormhole. Wormhole travel is not limited to points on Planet Earth and can 

extend to other galaxies and even time travel. Wormholes can come under attack. Travelers can try 

to change the immersive content that lines a wormhole by adding a new immersive experience/

content. If the attacker’s content achieves a quorum, the wormhole experience is changed and the 

destination is rerouted to a new destination. It should be noted that creating worthless wormholes, 

or attacking too many wormholes will attract the attention of ‘agents’ who patrol The Bridge. They 

can collapse wormholes that are non existent or add no value to the database. This lowers a player’s 

game ranking and makes his recommendations less attractive to other players.

36



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

37 Super AI Planet 
An Epic Game that Unites & Monetizes the Metaverse 

One of the wormholes stored in The Bridge connects players to  
an AI planet - where ‘Super AI’ versions of all players are stored 
and evolving. Here they discover a deadly fantasy sports game 
that is fully immersive.

This level of the game includes an AR app where players communicate with each other by  

sending personal hologram messages to each other, setting off a chain of events where the 

hologram uses the community to learn/acquire ‘moves’ becoming a ‘Super AI’ version of its  

creator - a version that the originator can then fully embody in VR! Here players can collect,  

shop and buy moves for holograms using GazeCoin. Forming a hologram army they can go  

into battle against other holograms.



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

VR Drama Series
An Epic Game that Unites & Monetizes the Metaverse 

A VR drama series is broadcast across the galaxy and presents 
players with an ongoing drama featuring dream channel 
‘contestants’, which provides players with insights into game play, 
the tribes, other players, and drives their quest for adventure 
inside the game.

Contestants are aligned with one of the eight fighting tribes and participate in a death match  

game show – called ‘Dream Time’ - taking place inside The Dream Channel. The game pits rival 

tribe members against each other in a winner-take-all combat in the streets of a particular high 

rating dream.

The winner takes the other contestants’ wealth and audience. The loser is banished to a distant tribe 

colony and must start again. A future re-match allows the loser to win their dream world back.

38



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

Creative Ambassadors
VR Radio

Dream Channel has over 40 ‘creative’ team members who are ambassadors for Gaze Coin. To 

create the Gaze Ecosystem, Dream Channel VR been recording and live streaming electronic music 

artists in VR as part of an initiative called VR RADIO. The concept involves capturing artists as 

a hologram creating a point cloud stream of the artist. This ‘stream’ is broadcast into a virtual 

apartment inside Dream Channel. Audiences can access the stream live through their phones in 

2D. They can then opt to enter the DJ’s virtual apartment in AR ‘live’ looking through their phones 

screens, or in VR using their goggles. Each DJ has their own Talent Token. These are collectible, 

can be swapped, and provide fans with access to VIP content.

Oliver Koletzki
Facebook - 323,734

Soundcloud - 163,000

The Potbelleez
Facebook - 65,606

39

Claude Von Stroke
Facebook - 270,000

Soundcloud - 169,000



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

Creative Ambassadors
VR Radio

To foster the initial growth of the Gaze Coin ecosystem, we have created virtual apartments for some 

of the world’s fastest rising electronic music artists. As spokespeople for the platform, they are a 

proof of concept for user / artist generated content, an essential requirement to fuel the growth of the 

ecosystem. As audiences are incentivized to experience their immersive content, these artists will 

grow into branded content opportunities. These artists are involved as part of the VR Radio initiative.

The combined audience reach of ambassadors alone is 5.5 million people

40



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

Conclusion
Dream Channel VR by Gaze Coin is a fully-developed epic eSports 
MR game that puts the entire Gaze Coin platform into action - an 
R&D test bed for all stakeholders (content creators/developers, 
advertisers and users). All revenues generated from the game 
will flow through to fund the User Growth Pool. The game will 
test and prove every aspect of the Gaze Coin ecosystem and will 
be the means of marketing and promoting itself. It is the final 
culmination of all development efforts on the Gaze Coin platform. 
Dream Channel exists to not only be the quintessential prototype 
for an epic, connected metaverse game with an overarching story 
narrative, but more importantly, to inspire and spark creativity in  
the virtual world architects of the future.

41



Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.

42

www.gazecoin.io 


