


































Automated Crypto-Trading

Executive Summary
Gimmer will be the automated cryptocurrency trading platform of choice for everyone, from experienced 
traders to complete beginners. Gimmer’s automated services are easy to use, transparent and secure. 
With a social community at the heart of the ecosystem, Gimmer’s long term goal is to be the number one 
destination for people wanting to trade cryptocurrencies.
 

Problem
Trading and investing in cryptocurrencies can be time-consuming and complex. You need to understand 
the complexities of trading and the complexities of a 24/7, rapidly growing and highly volatile 
cryptocurrency market. To be successful with trading, you need to be constantly monitoring your trades. 
It’s not a case of ‘set and forget’, which means cryptocurrency trading is inaccessible for a large number 
of potential investors.
 

Solution
Gimmer has been built as a community-based automated cryptocurrency trading platform where users 
interact, share and learn together. It’s easy-to-use and accessible to all types of customer.
 
Experienced traders can quickly set up a trading bot using the point and click interface. They can rent 
their trading strategies to others users via the bot store, generating an additional income while helping 
the community.
 
Novice users can choose from a range of ready-to-go trading bot solutions built by experienced traders. 
Choose from pay-as-you-go or free solutions. There is no need for any previous trading experience or 
programing skills, making Gimmer perfect for anyone who wants to invest in the cryptocurrency market.

The Market
There is an estimated 26 million people trading cryptocurrencies world wide. With over 1,200 
cryptocurrencies, and new ones being created every day, there is much to learn for all traders. 
To find this information, lots of research needs to be done, which also consumes valuable time. 
The daily trading volumes typically exceed $11B, with an overall market cap of over $440B.
 
Our aim is to capture the attention of the existing crypto-trading sector as well as to create a new home 
to draw in a whole new community of traders and grow the space. These will be new traders with 
minimal experience as well as experienced traders new to crypto who want to create their own 
automated trading strategies to rent and thereby earn exchangeable tokens.
 

Early Product Validation + Roadmap
A beta version was launched early in 2017 and had great success. Over 800 active users created 7,170 
trading bot strategies with the best performance at +87% return. Our aggressive road map aims to take 
our learnings and evolve the core platform and add new ways for users to trade cryptocurrencies, such 
as Arbitrage and Lending bots as well as a much anticipated CopyTrader feature.
 

Token usage
The Gimmer Token (GMR), issued according to the DLT legislation set out by HM Government of Gibraltar. 
GMR Tokens are used to charge automated trading bots, customise strategies with indicators, safeties 
and multiple currency pairs and to rent trading bot strategies from other users. GMR is also used to 
reward and incentivise customers through various a!liate and social schemes that benefit the 
community. GMR is the only payment accepted in the Gimmer ecosystem. GMR Tokens will be 
exchangeable on cryptocurrency exchanges.

v4.1



Automated Crypto-Trading

Token structure
Maximum supply: 110,000,000 GMR

Available in presale: 15,000,000 GMR

Available in public token sale : 85,000,000 GMR (plus any unsold presale tokens)

Soft cap: 4,800 ETH

Hard cap: 35,000 ETH

Maximum Bounties, Advisers, Team and Reserves: 10,000,000 GMR

The amount of GMR created for bounties, advisers, reserves and team will be equivalent to 10% of the amount of GMR 

tokens issued (Tokens sold plus bonus o!ered). Bounties: +4% of total tokens issued. Advisers, reserves & team: +6% of 
total tokens issued.

 

Accepted cryptos: ETHER (ETH)

Exchange rate: 1 ETH = 2,500 GMR (plus applicable bonus)

Presale minimum transaction: 30 ETH

Public token sale minimum transaction: 0.1 ETH

Token bonus structure
Presale bonus

1,000 ETH and above will receive +40% Bonus GMR Tokens.

300 ETH to 999 ETH will receive +30% Bonus GMR Tokens.

30 ETH to 299 ETH will receive +25% Bonus GMR Tokens.

Public Token Sale bonus

We will open the public token sale with a 20% bonus, which will decrease by 5% each week until the 

sale ends or all the max cap has been reached.

 

Week 1 +20% Bonus GMR Tokens on all contributions

Week 2 +15% Bonus GMR Tokens on all contributions

Week 3 +10% Bonus GMR Tokens on all contributions

Week 4 +5% Bonus GMR Tokens on all contributions

Token Sale Dates 

Presale start: 17 January 2018 

Presale finish: 31 January 2018 or when the presale cap is reached

Public token Sale start: 1 February 2018

Public token Sale finish: 28 February 2018 or when the max cap is reached

Issuing of GMR Tokens

GMR Tokens will be issued as each transaction is confirmed. GMR Tokens will be visible in your ERC20 

wallet but GMR Tokens will not be tradable until the Token Sale has closed on 28 February 2018.

Closing Statement 

The Gimmer team aims to crypto-trading easy and accessible to everyone. The team consists of 

proven entrepreneurs, experienced developers and designers all of whom are supported by legal, 

financial, business and trading experts. 

Read our full whitepaper at: https://token.gimmer.net/assets/docs/gimmer-wp-en.pdf

Want to get in touch? You can reach the team at: team@gimmer.net

v4.1


