













































G L O B A L   J O B C O I N
W H I T E P A P E R



2

Global Jobcoin
6. Global Jobcoin

7. Business Cases

9. Benefits

10. Dividend Example

Initial Coin Offering
12. Initial Coin Offering

13. Global Jobcoin Integration

13. Trading Platforms

14. Token Sale Overview

14. ICO Presale

15. ICO Crowd Sale

17. Token Sale Security

18. Token Sale FAQ

Executive Summary
23. Jobstoday Platform

23. Problem We Are Solving

24. Our Solution

24. Target Market

25. Target Clients

25. Funding

25. Vision

26. Strategy

Table of Contents

1

2

3



3

Company Summary
28. Company Summary

28. Company Ownership

29. Current Status

30. Management Team

31. Talented Team Members

Jobstoday Product
35. Jobstoday Product

36. Product Features

39. Unique Features

Online Recruitment Market
43. Market Overview

44. Market Analysis

44. Market Position

Investment
46. Token Sale Investment

47. Marketing Channels

50. Sales Expansion

52. Development

52. Personnel

53. Infrastructure

54. Coin Promotion

54. Crypto Community

4

5

6

7



4

Company Roadmap
56. Company Roadmap

For a good cause
59. For a good cause

Our Promise & Commitment
61. Our Promise & Commitment

Legal
63. General Information

64. Purchaser Acknowledgement

65. Governing Law

8

9

10

11



GLOBAL JOBCOIN



6

Global Jobcoin
Global Jobcoin is an ERC20 decentralized token to pay for 

services related to employment. Using the Ethereum block chain 

we are creating this token for employers & employees worldwide. 

Global Jobcoin will be used on our Job platforms in Switzerland, 

Germany, Austria & Poland. As we expand our operations 

worldwide, Global Jobcoin will become the essential choice of 

payment on all our platforms around the world. We are also 

partnering with other partner Job boards to offer integration of 

Global Jobcoin in to their platforms.



7

Business Cases
Together with our clients we have defined real world business 

cases. In 2018 these use cases will be integrated in to Jobstoday 

platforms worldwide. 

Online Payment on Jobstoday Platforms 

Employers can pay for single Job postings or multiple Job 

packages using Global Jobcoins. International employers 

will save the currency conversion costs by using Global 

Jobcoin.

Freelancer Platform 

Jobstoday freelancer platform will be launched in the 

Q2.2018. Users of this platform can search, hire & pay for 

freelancer services using Global Jobcoins.



8

Freelancer Smart Contracts

Clients can secure their funds using Ethereum Smart 

Contracts with escrow function & release payment after 

milestones are met by the freelancer. Clients can easily 

interact with the Smart Contracts via an intuitive GUI.

Employer Bounty

Rewards has been a proven way to attract talents from 

around the world. Employers will offer various bounties 

in GJC to applicants for a Job posting or they can offer 

bounties to users recommending potential candidates.



9

We want to reward all our investors for their trust in our brand. 

We have developed transparent reward model for our investors, 

who can benefit life long with dividends & incentives.

Super Dividends

Every quarter we will reward all GJC token holders with 20% of 

our global profits as Dividends. This dividend will be paid out 

in Ethereum (ETH) Crypto Currency. An easy interface will be 

implemented to request & transfer the dividends instantly to the 

token holder wallet.

Token Repurchase Incentive

Jobstoday will invest 10% of their global profits in repurchasing 

the Global Jobcoins from the open market. These will be locked in 

an escrow account for 365 days.

Benefits



10

Jobstoday estimated Yearly Profit:  100 Million $

Profit distributed to token holders (20%):  20 Million $

Total GJC Supply:  100,000,000 (100 Million)

Dividend per coin:  0.20 $

Example of Dividend calculation *

Number of GJC:  1,000,000

Dividend per coin:  0.20 $

Dividends received:  200,000 $

Dividend Example

*All calculations are estimates based on projected quarterly profits & 

are not guaranteed in any way.



INITIAL
COIN OFFERING



12

Jobstoday is a product of Sunny Look Media LLC. Jobstoday 

platform has been completely financed by its founders, Sanket 

Deshmukh & Lukasz Ochnik, without any venture capital 

investment. The founders rejected substantial amount of funding 

in various stages, so that the core principle of serving the 

community could be protected.

Our main idea of developing this platform was to help individuals, 

small & medium businesses afford a platform for finding good 

talented employees. We have built a profitable business in a 

short period of time & with the Initial coin offering, we want to 

grow our operations worldwide & give great incentives to our 

investors.

We are raising funds to expand Jobstoday in many more countries 

around the world. With the ICO Crowd Sale we can achieve 

& cover many more marketing & sales channels & win new 

customers. Our aim is to make Global Jobcoin a preferred crypto 

currency for employment services worldwide.

Initial Coin Offering



13

Together with our partners & clients we have defined real world 

use cases for Global Jobcoin, which will be easily integrated in 

our platforms. Global Jobcoin will be used to pay for Job postings, 

freelancer services & offer bounty rewards to Jobstoday users.

In Q1.2018 we would be running a trial with our selected 200 

clients in Switzerland & Germany. After successful completion 

of the trial, Global Jobcoin would be implemented across all 

platforms in Q2.2018. We have also presented the concept to our 

partner Job boards around the world & they have shown great 

interest in integrating it in their platforms.

Global Jobcoin Integration

Trading Platforms
After the ICO Crowd Sale, Global Jobcoin will be available for 

trading on various crypto exchanges. The first exchange to list 

GJC will be announced in December 2017. It would be also our 

priority to list GJC on all possible exchanges around the world.



14

ICO Presale
Start date:  22.09.2017 - 15:00 UTC

Tokens available for purchase:  10,000,000 (10 Million)

Token exchange rate:

1 ETH  = 560 GJC (60% Bonus)

Token Price  = 0.53  USD

1 ETH  = 525 GJC (50% Bonus)

Token Price  = 0.57  USD

Presale conditions

Minimum purchase:  10 ETH  (3,000 USD)

Maximum transaction amount:  Unlimited

Amount of tokens per one person:  Unlimited

Currencies accepted:  Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Ripple 

(XRP), Litecoin (LTC)

GJC tokens will be issued during the ICO crowd sale.

Token Sale Overview
70% of the tokens will be offered during presale & crowd sale.

Total supply:  100,000,000 (100 Million) Pre-mined

Total ICO crowd sale:  70,000,000 (70 Million)

Total ICO presale:  10,000,000 (10 Million)

Total ICO crowd sale:  60,000,000 (60 Million)

Hard cap:  200,000 ETH

Token symbol:  GJC



15

ICO Crowd Sale
Start date:  28.10.2017 - 15:00 UTC

End date:  06.12.2017 - 15:00 UTC

Tokens available for purchase:  60,000,000 (60 Million)

Token exchange rates:

Week 1: 1 ETH  = 525 GJC (50% Bonus)

Token Price  = 0.57  USD

Week 2: 1 ETH  = 455 GJC (30% Bonus)

Token Price  = 0.65  USD

Week 3: 1 ETH  = 420 GJC (20% Bonus)

Token Price  = 0.71  USD

Week 4 - End: 1 ETH  = 350 GJC (No Bonus)

Token Price  = 0.85  USD

Crowd sale conditions

Minimum ETH:  0.01

Maximum transaction amount:  Unlimited

Amount of tokens per one person:  Unlimited

Currency accepted:  Ethereum (ETH)

Maximum transaction amount:  Unlimited

Amount of tokens per one person:  Unlimited

After the token sale is closed, all unsold coins will be locked in an 

escrow for 1 year.



16

Token distribution

• Crowd sale:  70%

• Founders:  10%

• Professional partners in recruitment field:  10%

• Charity projects supporting Children & Animal welfare 

worldwide:  5%

• Crypto community rewards:  5%



17

Token Sale Security
We advise all our token presale & token crowd sale participant 

to read all the security recommendations before sending your 

investment for the purchase.

Please note that we will never publish the contract address on 

any social media or chat channels. The contract address is only 

visible during the crowd sale on our official website:

https://www.globalJobcoin.com



18

Token Sale FAQ

What is the total token supply?

The total supply of Global Jobcoin is 100,000,000 (100 Million).

How many tokens are you offering during the 

ICO presale?

We are offering 10,000,000 (10 Million) tokens during the ICO 

presale.

How can I take part in ICO presale?

You can send us an email via the contact form on the website 

or directly to this email address: info@globalJobcoin.com. 

Please mention in the email how many tokens you wish to buy 

& the currency that you will deposit. We will send you a SAFT 

agreement to sign & you can contribute the funds to our wallet. 

The tokens will be issued to you during the crowd sale in October.

How much is the minimum & maximum 

contribution for ICO presale?

Minimum contribution for the ICO presale is 10 ETH (3,000 USD). 

There is no maximum limit on the contribution.



19

When will I get my tokens, which are purchased 

during the presale?

Token purchased during the presale will be issued during the 

crowd sale in October. We will inform you by email the exact date 

when the tokens will be issued.

How many tokens are you offering during the 

ICO sale?

We are offering 60,000,000 (60 Million) tokens during the ICO 

sale.

Which crypto currency can I use to buy the 

tokens during crowd sale?

During the crowd sale, we only accept Ethereum (ETH). You need 

to transfer the ETH to the contract address shared during the 

crowd sale on this website.

Please do not send any ETH from exchange. You need to transfer 

it from your exchange to a Wallet (For example: https://www.

myetherwallet.com) & then transfer it to the contract address 

shared during crowd sale on our website.

Which crypto currencies can I use to buy the 

tokens in ICO presale?

During the presale, we accept Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), 

Ripple (XRP) & Litecoin (LTC).



20

When will I know the crowd sale contract 

address?

The contract address will be shared on this site during the crowd 

sale.

Important: Please note that we will never share our crowd sale 

contract address on any social media or chat channels. Please 

check the contract address only on this site:

https://www.globalJobcoin.com

How much Gas should I use during the crowd 

sale?

We recommend minimum Gas of 250,000.

How can I be sure that my tokens are not lost?

You need to make sure that the contract address is correct. 

Please note that we do not share the contract address by email, 

social media or in any chat channels. You need to visit the site to 

get the correct address. Please check the contract address only 

on this site: https://www.globalJobcoin.com

When will I get my tokens purchased during 

crowd sale?

Tokens will be automatically issued to you, as soon as the ETH is 

transferred successfully to the contract.



21

Do you have a working product?

Yes, we have a working and profitable product since 2014. Our 

platforms are present in Switzerland, Germany, Austria & Poland.

When is Global Jobcoin going to be 

implemented on Jobstoday platforms?

We expect to start the first trials with our 200 Clients in 

Q1.2018. In Q2.2018 we plan to integrate it on all Jobstoday 

platforms worldwide.

How can I secure myself from fraud?

Please make sure you don’t click on any phishing mails sent to 

you. Since our ICO is very popular, scammers will try to share 

wrong contract address during the crowd sale on social media 

channels or chat channels. Do not follow any of them. Please 

check the contract address only on this site:

https://www.globalJobcoin.com



EXECUTIVE SUMMARY



23

Jobstoday Platform
Jobstoday.ch  - Jobstoday.de  - Jobstoday.at  - Jobstoday.pl

The new generation entrepreneurs Sanket Deshmukh & Lukasz 

Ochnik have successfully launched in 2014, an innovative & 

cost effective eRecruitment Platform in Switzerland, Germany, 

Austria & Poland.

Jobstoday is already popular with its unique features, business 

model & user-friendly interface. With our unique strategy of 

interactive social media recruitment, we are already bringing a 

breakthrough in online recruitment world.

There is a big shortage of workers in western European countries. 

The EU legislation & easy movement of people gives access to 

additional qualified workforce in Europe. However, there is not 

one single platform that can connect qualified professionals to 

companies all over Europe. Big players in the market are dictating 

higher prices & small businesses cannot afford to post Jobs 

online.

Problem We Are Solving



24

Jobstoday  - European Job platform that every individual, start-

up, small & large enterprise can afford. We are connecting 

European Job seekers with companies, recruitment agencies 

& head-hunters at 50-70% lower costs than the competition. 

Jobstoday is the only platform which gives 100% application 

guarantee to employers. Our multilingual & user-friendly 

interface is making life easier for Job seekers to find their 

dream Jobs all over Europe. Thanks to the easily upgradeable 

software architecture, Jobstoday can expand to further European 

countries within weeks.

According to Staffing Industry Analysts, the global online 

staffing sector is a $20 Billion market. The SIA have made the 

following estimates of the value of the market in 2020: $20B 

(conservative), $23B (quite plausible) & $47B (aggressive).

On average 800,000 open positions are advertised every year in 

our markets of Switzerland, Germany, Austria & Poland together. 

Our focus has been in the first few years to establish Jobstoday in 

these markets & then gradually expand all over the World.

Our Solution

Target Market



25

• Direct Employers

• Recruitment Agencies

• Business Owners

• Trade Fair Organizers

• Students

• Job Seekers

• Head-hunters

• Training Institutes

• Government Organizations

• Individuals

The complete funding of the Jobstoday platform development, 

testing, marketing & sales has been done by the founders Sanket 

Deshmukh & Lukasz Ochnik.

The company’s vision has been to offer superior quality Job 

search platform to Job seekers & employers at a very affordable 

price & with innovative features.

Jobstoday would strive for excellence in its service & will try to 

position itself as Number 1 in the market in the coming years. By 

actively engaging in a dialog with the clients, Jobstoday provides 

unique features desired by the clients around the world.

Target Clients

Funding

Vision



26

The company’s basic strategy has been to build a long-lasting 

relationship with our clients. Over the last few years we have 

developed the platform keeping in mind the needs of our 

customers. We have had an amazing growth of over 500% in 

last 3 years & we continue to grow rapidly. We estimate at least 

1,200,000 (1.2 Million) users registered on the Switzerland, 

Germany, Austria & Poland platforms by end of 2017.

With the launch of Jobstoday Release 2.0 in December we will 

launch a lot of new features, which we & our customers are 

excited about. Our strategy for next year is to integrate our 

crypto currency Global Jobcoin in our platforms & be the first Job 

platform on the block chain.

Strategy



COMPANY SUMMARY



28

Company Summary
The founders have formed Sunny Look Media LLC, which 

specializes in Software Development, Test Management & 

Recruitment Solutions. The company was registered in March 

2014 in the town of Wollerau, Canton Schwyz, Switzerland. With 

the launch of Jobstoday platform in year 2014, the company has 

been focusing on providing an innovative eRecruitment Platform 

in Switzerland, Germany, Austria & Poland.

Sanket Deshmukh & Lukasz Ochnik are the owners of this venture 

& their shareholdings are 50% each.

Company Ownership



29

• The company is registered in commercial registry of 

Switzerland as Limited Liability Company (LLC) since March 

2014. 

• Company headquarter is located in Wollerau, Canton Schwyz, 

Switzerland. 

• The brand Jobstoday is already protected by trademark in 

Switzerland & in the European Union. 

• The company has required licenses to operate recruitment 

platforms in Europe. 

• Company has experienced & talented employees since 2014. 

• Platform is already launched & profitable in Switzerland, 

Germany, Austria & Poland. 

• Following additional country domains are already acquired: 

France, Italy, Spain, Czech Republic, Latvia, Denmark, 

Slovakia, Romania, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Croatia, Sweden, 

Slovenia, Luxembourg, Hungary, Portugal, USA, Singapore, 

Serbia, Ukraine, Bosnia, Estonia, World. 

• Jobstoday has already more than 1,000,000 (1 Million) users 

registered from over 90 countries.

Current Status



30

Management Team

Sanket Deshmukh - Founder & CEO

Sanket brings 20 years of experience in Software 

& Business Development. Over the last 3 years he 

has co-founded & built a successful multinational 

& multilingual recruitment platform in Switzerland 

Germany, Austria & Poland. His prompt, competent, & 

solution oriented customer skills have been received 

very positively by the customers.

Lukasz Ochnik - Founder & CTO

Lukasz brings over 15 years of experience in Software 

Development & Online Marketing. As a co-founder 

& technology lead, he has always pushed the limits & 

implemented new innovative features in the platform. 

His efforts have always benefited the clients to reduce 

costs & save time. His ability to find perfect solutions, 

has made him very popular among the clients.



31

Talented Team Members

Roberto Duran

Project Manager & Database Administrator

Oracle certified Database Administrator & Project Manager. 

Roberto is highly skilled engineer, who has gathered his 

experience over the last 18 years, by working in different 

multinationals in England, Germany & Switzerland. He is 

responsible for complete Project Management, Database 

Architecture & Administration.

Jorge Mendoza

Senior System Administrator & Security Expert

Jorge is a certified senior system administrator & security expert 

with over 15-year experience in Server administration & online 

security. He is responsible for configuring, securing & deploying 

our applications on the servers.

Each & every one of our employees represent the spirit of our 

company: driven, committed, & acutely aware of how limitless 

Jobstoday’s potential is to grow. We go to great lengths to 

identify self-starters with diverse experience & skill sets to 

produce not just an effective workforce, but a well-rounded, 

talented & complementary team.



32

Anna Bakurova

UX Designer & Front-end Developer

Anna is our expert Web Designer & Front-end developer. She has 

over 5-year experience in web & graphic design. Very passionate 

designer with sharp eyes for details & colours. Anna has provided 

for the project modern & user-friendly designs. She works 

tirelessly to deliver the best user experience on our platform.

Carlos Ortiz

Software Architect & Full Stack Developer

Carlos is Software architect & development team lead for 

Jobstoday platforms. He supports the project manager in 

designing the software architecture & development activities. He 

works closely with the development team to make sure that the 

highest coding & quality standards are adhered to.

Bismary Mustelier

Head of Quality Assurance

Bismary is our Head QA Manager. She verifies that every release 

is tested for its functionality, user friendliness & security. 

Together with the testing team she makes sure that every 

software delivery is tested thoroughly & deployed successfully.



33

Alicja Gazda

Marketing Manager

Alicja has developed a very cost-effective marketing strategy 

for various social channels. Being an expert in Social Media 

recruitment, she has helped promote our platform in more than 

20 countries. Her other activities include connecting to various 

social groups & establishing a positive dialogue with our end 

customers.

Inga Nosek

European Sales Manager

Inga is a very talented & passionate Sales manager. With her 

amazing communication & people skills, she has been a big deal 

maker for our company. She is a good team player & motivates 

the team with her always positive attitude. She has achieved our 

sales targets in record time.



JOBSTODAY PRODUCT



35

Jobstoday Product
Jobstoday offers a modern multilingual recruitment platform 

for its customers. The platform is available online in responsive 

design. It will be available as an Independent Smart Phone 

& Tablet Application in Q1 2018. It is available in following 

languages: English, German, French, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, 

Polish & *Russian (*From December 2017).



36

Product Features

Retail Job Publishing

Companies are able to post Jobs in HTML, PDF or URL format. 

All Jobs are visible in Switzerland, Germany, Austria & Poland.

Individual Job Packages

Various publishing plans are offered for recruitment agencies 

buying bulk Job postings. Individual tailor-made package deals 

are made with Large Enterprises.

Special deals are made with Universities, Colleges, Schools & 

Training Institutes.

Training & Course Advertising

Training Institutes can offer & advertise various courses 

on Jobstoday platform. They will be able to target not only 

candidates but also various companies & offer professional 

trainings.

Plans for advertising trainings will start from CHF 99/99 €/149 

PLN per month.

This feature is planned from Q2-2018.



37

Employer Branding

Employers & Head-hunters can prepare a professional profile & 

advertise their brand & services.

Plans for Employer profiles will start from CHF 99/99 €/49 PLN 

per month.

This feature is planned from Q2-2018.

Apprenticeship Publishing

Companies will be able to post apprenticeship Jobs for free. 

Applicants need to register to apply for apprenticeship Jobs.

This feature is planned from December 2017.

Freelancers

Freelancers & Contractors can register on the platform for free. 

They can search, apply for contracts & upload their portfolio on 

the site.

Employers can advertise their freelance positions on the platform 

for free & hire Freelancers for various tasks. An escrow account 

will be implemented to protect the Freelancers & Employers.

This feature is planned from Q2 2018.



38

Payment With Jobcoin

Employers will have the possibility to pay for Job postings using 

Global Jobcoin.

All current partners & large employers will be offered Global 

Jobcoins at a discounted rate to use it on the platforms during 

the launch phase.

This feature is planned from Q1 2018.

Employer Bounty in Jobcoins

Employers will have the possibility to award applicants with a 

bounty in Global Jobcoin. Also, employers can reward users who 

recommend potential candidates for a position.

This feature is planned from Q1 2018.

Candidate Database Access

Companies will have the possibility to search from the complete 

database of candidates & contact them directly.

Plans for candidate database access will start from CHF 199 /199 

€/499 PLN per month.

This feature is planned from Q2 2018.



39

Freelancer Payments in Jobcoins

Employers can pay for any freelancer services using Global 

Jobcoin. An iOS & Android Wallet will be integrated to offer 

seamless transfer of funds.

This feature is planned from Q2 2018.

Unique Features

First Job Platform in The World on Blockchain

Jobstoday users can pay using Global Jobcoin for all employment 

related services worldwide. Clients can hire freelancers on the 

Jobstoday platform & secure their transactions using smart 

contracts.

Multi-Domain Platform

Candidates can apply with a single resume for Jobs in all available 

countries, currently: Switzerland, Germany, Austria & Poland.

Responsive User-Friendly Interface

Complete user-friendly platform which is accessible on al 

Desktop & Smart phones.



40

Multilingual Interface

Complete platform interface is available in 8 European languages: 

English, German, French, Spanish, Italian, Polish, Portuguese & 

*Russian.

Multiple Resumes

Candidates can create & maintain multiple* resumes in different 

languages.

International Job Publishing

Job publishers can advertise their positions in 4 countries at very 

competitive prices.

Social Media Marketing

Marketing on all leading social media platforms in every country.

Social Media Sharing

Every Job is shared on all leading social media platforms.

Social Media Recruitment

Active recruitment using various social media Job groups & 

automated SEO marketing of all advertised Jobs

* From December 2017



41

Google Adwords

AdWords campaigning for every advertised Jobs.

Banner & Email Marketing

Companies can advertise their brand using banner & email 

marketing.

Interactive Blogs

Informative & interactive blogs about Jobs & everything.



ONLINE
RECRUITMENT MARKET



43

Market Overview
Koncept Analytics, a research company that offers industry 

reports, projects that the global recruitment industry will grow 

by 9.36% by 2016 (from $292.1 billion in 2010 to $456.97 

billion). According to the report, most of the growth relates to 

the increasing trend of companies hiring agency recruiters to 

assist with recruitment. In 2010, staffing companies dominated 

market share by bringing in 70% of total industry revenues, while 

corporate staffing accounted for the other 30%.

Geographically, the report shows that Europe holds the highest 

market share (39%) in the global recruitment market, while 

also exhibiting consistent signs of future growth; the Monster 

Employment Index Europe demonstrated a year-over-year growth 

of 10% in February 2012. Germany & Switzerland continue to 

remain an exceptional growth market, growing at 28 percent 

year-over-year, despite the ongoing macro-economic uncertainty 

in Europe.



44

Market Analysis
The company will primarily focus on small to medium size 

companies, the segment that has been largely ignored by the 

competition. By providing online publishing plans to suit needs of 

various client segments we will penetrate the market in a short 

period. Our unique social media strategy is already successful & 

bringing in traffic & awareness.

Switzerland

Population:  8.08 Million

Labour force:  5.41 Million

Unemployment:  3.1%

Germany

Population:  80.62 Million

Labour force:  45.04 Million

Unemployment:  4.2%

Austria

Population:  8.47 Million

Labour force:  4.43 Million

Unemployment:  8%

Poland

Population:  38.53 Million

Labour force:  17.92 Million

Unemployment:  8.8%

Market Position
With our attractive prices & features, we are much better 

positioned than our competition. The company is already able to 

position its product & services in a highly competitive manner. 

We are seeing a huge growth in retail business with small & 

medium sized companies.



INVESTMENT



46

Token Sale Investment
The money raised via Global Jobcoin token sale will be invested 

in Marketing, Sales, Research & Development, Personnel, 

Infrastructure, Coin Promotion & Crypto Community.

The distribution of the funds is planned in following way:

• Marketing:  20%

• Sales:  20%

• Development:  20%

• Personnel:  10%

• Infrastructure:  10%

• Coin Promotion:10%

• Crypto Community:  10%



47

Marketing Channels

Brand Policy

Jobstoday is growing as a brand with integrity, superior quality 

& attentive customer service. The company is focusing on small 

to medium size companies, the segment that has been largely 

ignored by the competition as well as large enterprises, which do 

not receive value for money.

Marketing Strategy

The company has developed a strong marketing infrastructure 

& building a successful online, print, telemarketing, network 

strategy to establish Jobstoday as a brand all over Europe. Using 

these various channels & involving our clients in promoting us 

through attractive incentives we seek to reach various markets & 

clients.

Using these channels, we are already successful in building 

relationship with our end users & customers. With additional 

funding & budget we can achieve & cover many more marketing 

channels & win new customers.



48

Internet Marketing

Internet marketing will involve building on the experience & 

success that we have already achieved. Additional marketing 

employees will be employed who bring expert knowledge in 

Internet marketing.

Jobstoday will also collaborate with renowned external firms 

in every country. They will bring in the local market knowledge 

& build a strong internet marketing strategy together with 

Jobstoday team.

Following channels of internet marketing are used by us:

• Social Media

• Content Marketing

• Job Forums & Blogs

• E-Mail Marketing

• Google AdWords

• Mobile Marketing

• Video Marketing

• Blogs

• E-Mail Marketing

• SEO on page & off page

• Banner Advertising

• Online Competition



49

Print Marketing

Effective & creative print marketing is key to retail business 

success. Our experience has shown that in certain industries & 

customer groups, print media plays an important role.

Jobstoday will promote itself with creative print media using:

• Company Flyers

• Poster advertising

• Promotional Gifts

• Advertising on public 

transport

• Information Brochures

• Print Media Advertising

• Calendars & Desk planners

• Vehicle advertising

Telemarketing

Telemarketing is a big contributor to lead generation for sales. 

Initially Jobstoday will work with external telemarketing 

companies to develop a smart & effective strategy. The sales team 

will work closely with Telemarketing Company to generate & 

follow leads.

Few of the activities that will be:

• Cold calling

• Tele support

• Warm calling

• User survey



50

Sales Expansion

Large Enterprises

In the next operational year, we will expand our sales team & 

employ four senior sales managers from the recruitment industry 

for Switzerland, Germany, Austria & Poland. They will primary 

focus on acquiring large enterprise clients. Additionally, they will 

build partnerships with local businesses for increasing awareness 

& credibility.

Small & Medium Enterprises

Our telesales team will focus on lead generation & conversion for 

Switzerland, Germany, Austria & Poland. With special offers & 

deals they will attract small & medium enterprises.

Networking

Most important marketing channel for us has been also the 

promotion of our brand through our extensive networking. We 

will further build on the success using:

• Trade Fare Marketing

• Schools & University 

Marketing

• Charity Organisation

• Event Marketing

• Sponsoring Activities

• Referral Networking



51

Candidates

Our marketing efforts will be enhanced & attract many more 

candidates to find their desired Jobs.

Starting from next year, we will actively take part in different 

career events, trade fairs for various professions. Besides this we 

will hold on the spot signup in exchange for small gifts in Malls, 

Universities & Colleges.

We will be targeting our candidates online via:

• Social Media

• Online Banners

• Email Newsletters

• Forums & Blogs

• Print Media

• Networking through various professional & social events

• Incentives like event tickets & promotional gifts

We are on target of reaching a registered database of 1,200,000 

users by the end of 2017.

Retail Clients

Retail client sales will grow together with the marketing success 

in various regions. With our targeted marketing campaigns, we 

will appeal to various kinds of professions. By offering special 

deals through our events, newsletters, flyers, we will attract a 

good customer base.



52

Development
Jobstoday Release 2.0 is already budgeted & we will be launching 

it by December 2017. From the funds raised during the ICO, 

we plan to invest 20% in further development of Jobstoday 

& integration of Global Jobcoin on Jobstoday & our partner 

platforms in 2018.

Additionally, funds will be allocated to upgrade the current server 

infrastructure to manage the growing traffic & expansion of 

Jobstoday in many more countries.

Personnel
In the next operational year we would have a total headcount of 

18, gradually growing to 26 in the second year & reaching up to 

40 in the third operational year.

Total 10% of funds raised will be allocated in acquiring talented 

personnel in various European countries.

Our current design, development & testing team consists of 10 

team members. We would be adding about 10 new talents to the 

Jobstoday development team.

The strategy would be to invest mostly in Sales & Marketing staff 

in the first two years. Our marketing staff will work with local 

external companies to gather knowledge in local markets & will 

plan a long term marketing strategy. Our team of 8 Telesales 

employees will generate leads & support sales managers all over 

Europe.



53

Infrastructure
We would be investing 10% of the funds in expanding our local 

presence all over Europe. We will rent more offices in Berlin 

(Germany), Munich (Germany), Frankfurt (Germany), Cologne 

(Germany), Vienna (Austria), Wroclaw (Poland), Madrid (Spain), 

Barcelona (Spain) for local sales teams.

The development office will be set up in Warsaw (Poland) to have 

low administrative costs for the first few years.

Few of the advantages of Warsaw are:

• Good connectivity to all European cities

• Large number of colleges & universities

• EU Country with good infrastructure

• Efficient public transport System

• Business friendly Environment

• Modern Office Infrastructure

• Qualified personnel available at 30% of the costs in 

Switzerland



54

Coin Promotion
After the ICO Crowd Sale we would be working with different 

exchanges around the world to offer Global Jobcoin on their 

platforms.

Our goal is to have Global Jobcoin listed on 15-20 exchanges by 

end of 2018.

10% of the funds are allocated for these activities. We would 

be concentrating on trading platforms in following geographical 

areas in 2018:

• East Europe

• West Europe

• China

• India

• Russia

• Korea

• Japan

Crypto Community
We strongly believe in the Crypto Community & want to be a 

part of the further development of this community. We would be 

investing 10% of the funds in various Start-Ups & Projects, which 

are contributing towards the block chain future development.

We would be also sharing our success stories & experiences on 

various Block Chain conferences around the world.



COMPANY ROADMAP



56

March 2014:  Formation of Sunny Look Media LLC, Switzerland

May 2014:  Jobstoday Business Plan & Market Research

June 2014:  Development begin Jobstoday Multi-Domain Platform

January 2015:  Launch of Jobstoday Switzerland & Germany

June 2015:  Launch of Jobstoday Austria & Poland

September 2015:  Opening new branch office in Switzerland

November 2015:  Strategic partnership with big recruitment 

companies

December 2015:  120,000 users registered

January 2016:  Feature Update on all Jobstoday domains

February 2016:  1000 Clients acquired

June 2016:  200,000 registered users

August 2016:  Jobstoday Release 2.0 Development begin

December 2016:  Expansion of Sales Team in Switzerland & Germany

March 2017:  580,000 registered users

April 2017:  Opening new branch office in Poland

June 2017:  Expansion of sales team in East Europe

August 2017:  1 Million registered users 

September 2017:  Token sale start worldwide

December 2017:  Token sale end

Company Roadmap



57

December 2017:  Launch Token on first Trading exchange

December 2017:  Go Live Jobstoday Release 2.0 

January 2018:  Expansion of Jobstoday development, sales & 

marketing team

January 2018:  Token trading on Korean & Chinese exchanges

March 2018:  Integration of GJC on Jobstoday platforms

April 2018:  Quarterly profit sharing with token holders

April 2018:  Launching of Jobstoday iOS & Android app

May 2018:  Launch of Jobstoday Freelancer platform with token 

integration

June 2018:  Launch of Jobstoday platform in Spain, France & Italy

July 2018:  Quarterly profit sharing with token holders

August 2018:  Launch of Jobstoday platform in Denmark, Sweden, 

Norway & Latvia

September 2018:  Launch of Video Job advertising

October 2018:  Launch of Jobstoday platform in UK, Ireland & 

Iceland.

November 2018:  Quarterly profit sharing with token holders

December 2018:  Launch of Jobstoday platform in Romania, 

Hungary, Croatia & Greece

January 2019:  Quarterly profit sharing with token holders

February 2019:  Expansion of Jobstoday worldwide

April 2019:  Quarterly profit sharing with token holders



FOR A GOOD CAUSE



59

For a Good Cause
We believe in community values & helping people who don’t have 

access to opportunities.

Our Charity Work

Since the foundation of our business, we have committed to help 

those in needs. We have been donating 10% of our profits to 

various charity organisations worldwide supporting projects for 

Children & Animal Welfare.

Starting from next year we would be forming our own foundation 

to finance various projects & actively support them with our 

team.

Scholarships

We are already in talks with various universities in Europe & 

Asia to sponsor education for those who need the most. Starting 

from 2018 we would be donating a large sum from our profits to 

scholarships in Technology & Health Care sector. By supporting 

the talents, we would be creating the next Innovators & Leaders.



OUR PROMISE & 
COMMITMENT



61

Our Promise & Commitment
We have founded & grown our business in Switzerland with 

complete transparency & integrity since 2014. Our products & 

services excel the expected Swiss quality. In the past 3 years, we 

have built great relationship with our clients & provided them 

with innovative solutions to their problems.

We value the contribution of our investors & work hard to 

deliver the rewards promised. As strong supporters of the block 

chain technology, we will actively contribute & invest in future 

development of the crypto community.



LEGAL



63

General Information
The Global Jobcoin token should under no circumstances be 

considered as a security in any form. The tokens obtained during 

the presale, crowd sale or from the crypto currency exchanges 

are not shares & they do not give any ownership right or stake in 

Sunny Look Media LLC nor its current & future brand products: 

Jobstoday.ch, Jobstoday.de, Jobstoday.at & Jobstoday.pl.

Anyone taking part in the Global Jobcoin token presale & crowd 

sale confirms that she/he has reviewed this white paper & fully 

understands the risks, costs & benefits associated with the 

purchase of these tokens.

Sunny Look Media LLC is not to be considered as an advisor in any 

legal, tax or financial matters. Any information in the white paper 

is provided for general information purposes only. Sunny Look 

Media LLC does not provide any warranty as to the accuracy & 

completeness of this information.

Sunny Look Media LLC is not a financial intermediary according 

to the Swiss law & is not required to obtain any authorization for 

Anti Money Laundering purposes.



64

Purchaser 
Acknowledgement

By participating in the presale or crowd sale, the purchaser 

agrees to the above & in particular, they represent & warrant that 

they:

• have read carefully the terms & conditions attached to the 

white paper; 

• agree to their full contents & accept to be legally bound by 

them; 

• are authorized & have full power to purchase Global Jobcoin 

tokens according to the laws that apply in their jurisdiction of 

domicile; 

• are neither a US citizen or resident; 

• are neither a citizen of Singapore or resident; 

• live in a jurisdiction which allows Sunny Look Media LLC to 

sell Global Jobcoin tokens through a presale or crowd sale 

without requiring any local authorization; 

• are familiar with all related regulations in the specific 

jurisdiction in which they are based & that purchasing 

cryptographic tokens in that jurisdiction is not prohibited, 

restricted or subject to additional conditions of any kind; 

• will not use the presale or crowd sale for any illegal activity, 

including but not limited to money laundering & the financing 

of terrorism;



65

• have sufficient knowledge about the nature of the 

cryptographic tokens & have significant experience with, & 

functional understanding of, the usage & intricacies of dealing 

with cryptographic tokens & currencies & blockchain-based 

systems & services; 

• purchase Global Jobcoin tokens because they wish to have 

access to the Jobstoday platforms; 

• are not purchasing Global Jobcoin tokens for the purpose of 

speculative investment or usage;

Governing Law
The agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of 

Switzerland. Each of the parties irrevocably consents to the 

exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal & state courts 

located in Switzerland, as applicable, for any matter arising out 

of or relating to this agreement, except that in actions seeking to 

enforce any order or any judgment of such federal or state courts, 

such personal jurisdiction shall be nonexclusive.


