










































Graft 

Decentralized, Real-time Credit, Debit, 
and Crypto Payment Processing Network 

Slava Gomzin, Dan Itkis 

Version 1.02 

August 2017 

Abstract 

Graft is a global, open-sourced, blockchain-based, decentralized payment gateway and processing platform 

that anyone can use. Any buyer and merchant can use Graft in a completely decentralized and inexpensive 

way. Graft ecosystem is open so anyone can participate by maintaining Graft blockchain and implementing 

network services. 

Graft employs payment processing protocols and flows similar to traditional electronic payment systems 

such as credit, debit, and prepaid cards, which are already familiar to and trusted by millions of users and 

merchants around the world. This approach enables easier and faster adoption of Graft as a mainstream 

payment platform, while eliminating the need in centralized intermediaries (payment gateways and 

processors) currently required to facilitate transactions between buyers and merchants. 

Background 



Bitcoin[1] was created as an “online cash” - very secure but relatively slow settlement system which was 

unable to replace payment cards online or compete with both plastic cards and paper cash in brick-and-

mortar stores (Figure 1). 

Figure 1: Bitcoin Transaction Processing without Centralized Intermediary 

Even though some existing cryptocurrencies[2] have improved confirmation times, they are still unable to 

process essential transactions types such as authorization and completion, which makes their adoption by 

retail, hospitality, and convenience store industries impossible without using intermediaries - payment 

processors and gateways[3] - who fill the gap (Figure 2). However, the very existence of payment processor, 

which is typically a centralized commercial organization regulated by government and controlled by 

shareholders, as an element of crypto payment transaction contradicts the fundamental principles of 

cryptocurrencies: decentralization, privacy, and independence. 

https://github.com/graft-project/graft-white-paper/blob/master/graft-white-paper-1.01/images/Figure 1.png


Figure 2: Processing Bitcoin Transaction by Centralized Intermediary 

Most merchants are unable to accept cryptocurrencies without third-party payment processor due to 

uniqueness of the way blockchain networks process transactions, which is conceptually different from 

traditional electronic payment methods such as payment cards or Paypal. Although the overall concept of 

plastic card payments may have been outdated, there are technologies developed around them that 

accumulated enormous amount of merchant experience and user trust which cannot be abandoned 

overnight. Those technologies include real-time authorization protocols and smart cards. There are several 

major differences between the ways traditional and cryptocurrency payment systems handle transactions, 

which in most cases make cryptocurrencies less attractive for merchants and/or consumers. Here is the list of 

technical limitations and business flaws of the existing cryptocurrencies comparing to traditional electronic 

payments: 

• Lack of Essential Transaction Types 

• Unsuitable Payment Flows 

• Long Confirmation Times 

• Unbalanced and Unpredictable Transaction Fees 

• Inability to Process Micropayments and Repeating Charges (Subscriptions) 

• Lack of Offline Transactions support 

• Low Scalability 

• Volatility 

• Incomplete Security 

https://github.com/graft-project/graft-white-paper/blob/master/graft-white-paper-1.01/images/Figure 2.png


• Lack of Privacy Due to Traceability of Blockchain 

• Lack of Trust between Buyer and Merchant 

• Questionable Utility 

• Poor Usability of End-User Interfaces 

• Lack of Customer Support 

By addressing all those issues, Graft elevates crypto payment processing to a new level, and makes possible 

their wide acceptance by mainstream merchants and consumers for the first time without violating the 

fundamental principles of cryptocurrencies. Let’s review each of those issues with greater detail and see how 

Graft addresses them. 

The Value of Decentralized Payment Processing 

Why would a buyer want to start using cryptocurrency instead of (or in addition to) plastic cards or PayPal 

or Apple Pay, and why would a merchant want to accept cryptocurrency in addition to (or instead of) 

existing payment methods? Obviously, if we don’t find the right answers to those simple questions, there is 

no point to create this document. 

While the answer to the first part of this question may consists of several elements as there might be 

multiple reasons (and combinations of them) to individuals to keep their money in a form of cryptocurrency, 

the answer to the second part of this question is relatively simple. Merchants always want to extend their 

customer base to increase their revenues, and if they identify a significant group of potential customers who 

prefer, for any reason, to use cryptocurrency, they will start accepting cryptocurrency. And Graft provides a 

unique opportunity for merchants to accept crypto payments from their buyers without any middlemen and 

with near zero fees. 

However, there may be additional value. In some cases, merchant might want to know the real identity of 

the buyer in order to comply with laws and regulations, for example, to make sure the buyer is older than 21 

to be allowed to purchase some items. 

Since Graft is both decentralized payment processor and cryptocurrency, it is able to facilitate the full 

payment cycle without other cryptocurrencies or assets involved. However, in addition to decentralization 

and right for privacy, there is a freedom of choice which is another important fundamental liberal principle. 

Moreover, there might be a commercial need for diversity of cryptocurrencies for both buyers and merchants. 

Therefore, Graft will support Bitcoin and several major cryptocurrencies as additional choice for buyers and 

acceptable method of payoff for merchants. This feature will eliminate the need for merchant to integrate 

with multiple (centralized) payment software providers, and for user to sign up for centralized services and 

learn and maintain multiple wallet apps. It is important to note that merchants will have to accommodate 



higher risks and additional expenses associated with acceptance of alternative cryptocurrencies due to their 

slower confirmation times and higher transaction fees. 

Terminology 

Graft 

1. Global Real-time Authorizations and Fund Transfers - decentralized global open platform for 

processing real-time authorizations and settlements of merchant payments and fund transfers using 

untraceable blockchain, decentralized API, and open community of service brokers that support 

variety of payment and payout methods including cryptocurrencies and traditional credit cards and 

bank transfers. 

2. A plant that has a twig or bud from another plant attached to it so they are joined and grow 

together.[4] Grafting is an advanced technique that botanists, farmers, gardeners, and hobbyists use 

to add living tissue from one plant to another. Why would anyone go to all this trouble of attaching 

two bits of plants together? Well, it turns out that this technique has a lot of benefits. Growers can 

choose different parts of plants that have particular attributes, and attach them to other plants. Let's 

say a certain tree has really strong roots, but its fruit isn't so great. This tree would make great 

rootstock, or a plant selected for its roots. It can be combined with another tree that doesn't have 

good roots, but produces wonderful fruit. Plants that are selected for their stems, flowers, or fruit are 

called the scion. A desirable scion can be grafted onto a strong rootstock to create a truly great tree. 

This is pretty common practice in the gardening industry. It allows for plants to grow in many new 

areas, and gives us access to more products.[5] 

Supernode 

Independant always-on server running the combined implementation of Graft blockchain node and Graft 

DAPI node, maintaining the blockchain via block mining, processing of real-time authorization and 

settlement DAPI calls between buyers and merchants, and hosting additional services such as instant 

cryptocurrency exchange, credit/debit card acceptance, and merchant payouts in local currency. Supernode 

is mainitaining teh network using combined PoW/PoS algorithm. 

Authorization Sample 

Selected group of trusted supernodes that approve payments in real time and guarantee that the buyer 

cannot spend the same money more than once before the transaction is written into the blockchain. 



Relay Supernode 

The supernode that facilitates the merchant transaction by communicating with the merchant POS or/and 

the buyer’s wallet on one side, and the rest of the authorization sample supernodes on the other side. 

Service Broker 

Graft protocol extension hosted on supernode or a group of supernodes and owned by the supernode 

operator. Service Brokers implement special additional features that cannot be automatically executed by 

fully decentralized network or/and requires special regulation framework such as PCI DSS[6] or NIST 800-

63-3.[7] Examples of service brokers are credit card payment acceptance broker and bank payout transfer 

broker. 

Domain 

Virtual decentralized independant “merchant account” where merchants can set up authorization and 

payout rules and triggers that will have an affect on transactions for that specific merchant. 

graftcoin 

Native cryptocurrency supported by Graft blockchain and used for real-time payment authorizations, funds 

transfers, and settlement between buyers and merchants. 

DAPI 

Decentralized stateless API implemented by supernodes in order to support lightweight client apps such as 

Graft Wallet, Graft Point of Sale, and third party point of sale apps and shopping cards. Graft SDK Source 

code provided to third party point of sale and wallet application vendors for facilitating an integration with 

Graft. 

Graft Wallet 

“Lite" desktop, mobile, and browser extension apps that allow making payments and fund transfers using 

graftcoins, other major cryptocurrencies, or credit/debit cards by calling Graft DAPI. 

Graft Point of Sale 



“Lite” desktop and mobile apps that allow merchants accepting payments in graftcoins, bitcoins, altcoins, or 

credit/debit cards; issuing and redeeming gift certificates, loyalty reward points, and store credits; configure 

settlement payouts in graftcoins, bitcoins, altcoins, or local fiat currencies. 

Transaction Fees 

Why is it necessary to have a transaction fee in the first place? After all, there is no commercial enterprise 

behind the blockchain, so why would users need to pay fees, who does collect them, and how much should 

they charge? 

To Fee or Not to Fee 

Multiple powerful nodes (servers) distributed throughout the world are required in order to support secure 

and highly available cryptocurrency network. So who is going to maintain these servers, and what's the 

motivation and incentive for maintaining the blockchain node? In Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency 

networks, the funding is achieved through mining and transaction fees - the node owners make money on 

mining new coins from each block as well as getting fees for each transaction. 

The mining has another purpose: constant and steady injection of new coins into the system to keep up the 

liquidity with the growing demand for extra coins as the acceptance widens and usage increases. As the 

system get traction, the node operators will receive more revenue from transaction fees, so the bonus for 

mining can be gradually reduced with each new block to limit the overall supply. 

In ideal world, the cryptocurrency should be available for everyone and free of charge. In fact, there are 

networks that promise free transactions.[8] In other networks, including Bitcoin, the fees are used to prioritize 

transactions and “resolve” the scalability problem. 

In Graft network, however, the fee is used for two reasons. First, to avoid network abuse and associated 

performance and blockchain size issues. For example, using the real network for testing. If transaction is 

completely free, one can move the same amount between two accounts indefinitely. Second, to become the 

only incentive for node operators after the mining bonus becomes too small. 

Charging the Wrong Guy 

The problem with Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies’ fee is that they charge the wrong side of the 

transaction. It’s even worse than traditional card payments because unlike plastic payments, both buyer and 

merchant pay fees for cryptocurrency transaction: the buyer pays to the cryptocurrency network, while the 

merchant pays to the payment processor.[9] The (average/layman) payer is often confused by the process 



which looks more like a betting, without clear explanation of the fee schedule, which obviously does not 

make cryptocurrency payments very attractive. 

Micropayments: How Do I Pay with Crypto for a Cup of Coffee? 

Another problem currently experienced by Bitcoin is its inability to handle micropayments due to high 

transaction fees.[10] Graft resolves this problem by introducing a unique (in cryptocurrencies world) 

approach to transaction fees. 

Graft Transaction Fees 

Graft reintroduces convenient fee structure with no fees for the payer so all fees are paid by the receiver 

(merchant), just like everyone used to do with traditional electronic methods of payment. Graft makes 

micropayments accessible to everyone by setting very low (comparing to credit cards[11] and online 

payment processors,[12] and other cryptocurrencies[13]) fees, but without fixed fee component (Table 1). All 

fees are paid by the payees. 

Table 1: Graft Network Transaction Fees 

Micropayments (less than 10 

GRF) 
Regular Payments (more than 10 GRF) 

0.1% 
1% of log10 (significantly less than 0.1% as transaction 

amount grows) 

The logarithmic fee schedule allows creating incentive for processing less transactions with small amounts 

(i.e. combining multiple transactions together whenever possible) while keeping low transaction fees for 

large transaction amounts (Table 2). 

Table 2: Examples of Graft Network Transaction Fees 

Transaction amount Transaction Fee Amount Effective Transaction Fee 

0.01 GRF 0.00001 GRF 0.1% 

1 GRF 0.001 GRF 0.1% 



Transaction amount Transaction Fee Amount Effective Transaction Fee 

10 GRF 0.01 GRF 0.1% 

50 GRF 0.01699 GRF 0.03398% 

100 GRF 0.02 GRF 0.02% 

1,000 GRF 0.03 GRF 0.003% 

1,000,000 GRF 0.06 GRF 0.000006% 

Free Funds Transfers: Authenticated Transactions 

Many payment networks such as ACH or PayPal provide free transfers between user accounts which create a 

huge incentive comparing to cryptocurrencies, which charge users unproportional fees regardless the speed 

and amount of transaction. This feature is perfectly suitable for transactions with low speed requirements, 

such as funds transfers between family accounts or remittance of employees' salaries. In order to be able to 

compete with traditional payment networks, Graft provides limited free transfers between user wallets. 

Cryptocurrency networks usually cannot "afford" free transactions for three major reasons: 

• Lack of incentive for miners 

• Threat of DOS attacks 

• Uncontrolled growth of blockchain 

Graft resolves the first problem by logical separation between payment and transfer, so supernodes (miners) 

receive transaction fees for instant payments which constitute the majority of all transactions, while free 

transfers are processed on the background with lower priority. 

The second problem with DOS threat is resolved by voluntary user identification and authentication. Of 

course, there are no free lunches, so the users should "pay" by providing their identity to the network to 

ensure the reasonable use (by limiting the number and frequency of free transfers per user) and prevent the 

network abuse. However, using zero knowledge proof authentication technology will allow users to prove 

their identity without compromising their privacy. 



The last problem with uncontrolled block size growth is resolved by a complex of measures: small block 

interval, unlimited block size, and standard restricted transaction size for particular transaction types such as 

free transfer. In addition, one of the sides of the free transfer must prove that they contributed to the network 

by conducting “commercial” payment transaction types in the past. 

Additional Third Party Service Broker Fees 

When accepting different payment methods such as bitcoins, altcoins, credit/debit cards, or processing 

merchant payouts in different currencies such as bitcoins, altcoins, or local fiat currency, additional payment 

broker and/or payout broker fees may be applied. These are not hidden fees as they are published by the 

brokers at the time of merchant sign-in for the broker service. Those fees are always charged to the 

merchant at the time of transaction settlement (payout), i.e. there are no any setup, upfront, or periodic fees.  

Customer Fees 

Some cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin require customer to add transaction fee in order to get fast 

confirmation. Such fees are configured by customer wallet application and paid by customer. Most Bitcoin 

users are already accustomed to such fees. 

Paying Fees Using Margin Balances 

In some cases, transactions fees can be charged using special “margin” balances provided by Graft network 

itself or/and margin brokers. Examples of such transactions are Issue and Redeem transactions related to gift 

certificates, loyalty rewards, and store credit processing. This is done in order to allow merchant transaction 

processing even if the merchant does not have enough balance on Graft account yet. 

Transaction Processing 

The world’s moving towards “thin” devices. People around the world use more smartphones and tablets and 

less workstations and laptops. Therefore, decentralized crypto payment system cannot rely solely on small 

individual nodes hosted on personal computers but rather should be based on dedicated powerful 

supernodes hosted by professionals, with thin clients apps connected to the authorization sample - a group 

of supernodes randomly selected by special fraud-prevention algorithm - via DAPI calls. 

Confirmation Time Problem: Introducing Real Time 

Authorizations 



Long confirmation time[14] (from several minutes to several hours, depending on transaction fee[15]) is one 

of the main reasons for low adoption of cryptocurrencies in retail and hospitality sectors where customers 

cannot wait and so merchants must process payment instantly. Unlike some other cryptocurrency networks 

that tried to resolve this problem by introducing special add-on systems or transaction types[16], Graft 

processes all its transactions in real time (less than 3 seconds), without charging an extra fee or 

compromising the principle of decentralization (see Figure 3). 

Figure 3: Simplified Graft Payment Flow 

This is achieved by using a consensus of always-on trusted supernodes ("authorization sample") with ability 

to perform a distributed instant authorization lock on buyer's account and communicate response back to 

the client within milliseconds. The supernodes also maintain the Graft blockchain so no transactions can be 

authorized “off chain”. 

Supernodes 

All transactions are processed by the network of always-on Graft network nodes -- supernodes -- in real time 

(hundreds milliseconds to a few seconds). Transaction fees are paid by the receiver (merchant) to the 

supernodes participating in authorization sample and (optional) service brokers participating in transaction 

processing. Supernodes are responsible for both settlement (block mining) and real-time transaction 

approvals. The owners of the nodes are responsible for transactions they process. Such responsibility is 

achieved by financial interest: mining rewards and transaction fees. 

https://github.com/graft-project/graft-white-paper/blob/master/graft-white-paper-1.01/images/Figure 3.png


DAPI 

Unlike regular API, which is hosted at server or server farm, DAPI does not have a single address as it is 

running on multiple supernodes. Any single node can serve the DAPI call anytime. The DAPI calls are 

stateless which means that the supernodes do not maintain any permanent session with the client, and all 

the data necessary for processing is instantly distributed and available on all the nodes. The client app which 

consumes DAPI maintains a list of supernodes it communicates with, which is a relatively small group of 

addresses selected from the authorization sample. However, the client app is free to select a particular 

trusted supernode and “stick” with it. For example, merchant POS or wallet users can decide to host their 

own supernode which they trust. Even such a “private” supernode may not be granted a right to participate 

in authorization sample due to resource limitations (see Authorization Sample Selection Algorithm section 

below), but they can provide an extra layer of privacy of their owners. 

Real Time Approvals by Authorization Sample 

There are cryptocurrencies with block (settlement) interval less than 2 minutes. However, reducing the 

interval still does not resolve the real-time ("instant") authorization problem. Even with 30 seconds block 

interval, it is still too long for real time payments (credit card authorizations are in a range of hundreds 

milliseconds to a few seconds), not to mention the fact that 1 confirmation (1 block) is still not enough to 

mitigate the risk of fork for significant amounts. So special additional technology is still required to resolve 

the real-time authorization problem. The Graft supernode scheme resolves this problem by authorization 

sample, when approvals are issued in real time by the selected group of trusted supernodes, which 

guarantees that the buyer cannot spend the same money more than once until the transaction is settled 

(written into the blockchain). The settlement (mining) is performed by the "underlying" part of the supernode 

code, within 2 minutes. 

Unlike most crypto payment systems, and similar to traditional payment systems such as credit card 

processing, Graft payment is divided into two phases: authorization and settlement. Like in traditional 

payment world, authorization happens in near real time (hundreds milliseconds to a few seconds, depending 

on multiple external factors), while settlement is performed later on, usually within 2 minutes (compare to 

several hours and even days in traditional payment networks). 

Authorization Account Lock 

Key image is the mechanism used by CryptoNote in order to validate new transactions and prevent double 

spending without compromizing privacy of the sender. Key image is unique "fingerprint" that represents the 

buyer's spending address and amount without disclosing any details about the buyer or the amount. The 

nature of key image is that it can be used only once, so if someone is trying to use the same key image more 



than once, this is the signal of double spending attempt. By providing the unique key image for upcoming 

transaction to the network of supernodes, the buyer's wallet temporarily "locks" its spending "account", so no 

other transaction with the same key image (i.e. from the same account) can happen until the locked 

transaction is settled or the lock is removed. If the buyer will try to finalize the transaction with the key 

image different from the one used in the original lock, such transaction will be also rejected by the 

supernodes. 

On the other hand, the key image does not contain any information about the buyer or buyer’s wallet, which 

provides absolute security, anonimity, and untraceability. In addition, any traces of communication between 

the buyer (wallet app), the merchant (point of sale app), and the supernodes (selected relay and sample 

supernodes) during authorization phase are removed once transaction is settled (written into the blockchain 

and confirmed by 10 blocks). 

Authorization Sample Selection 

In order to perform real time (“instant”) authorizations, Graft network relies on the authorization sample - a 

group of selected trusted supernodes which will “represent” the network and validate the transaction, prevent 

the double-spending, and sign the instant approval before transaction is “confirmed” by the blockchain (i.e. 

before it’s added to the block and the block is added to the blockchain). 

The authorization sample consists of 8 supernodes randomly selected from supernodes that solved last 1440 

blocks starting from current height - 10. If the same supernode has solved more than one block within the 

last 8 blocks (starting from height - 10) or the selected node went offline, the list is automatically extended 

and another supernode from the “bottom” of the list is added to the sample. Another requirement for 

authorization sample prticipation is proof of stake: the supernode ownermust maintain a collateral balance 

on account associated with the supernode. The minimal required balance is recalculated dynamically with 

every block and increasing with each block proportionally to the growing supply. 

This algorithm allows the most active supernodes, which constantly prove their loyalty to the network 

through successful mining, to be also trusted to perform the real time authorizations, while still following 

some degree of randomization provided by the Proof of Work algorithm. These supernodes also are 

rewarded by transaction fee for each successfull real time authorization. New supernodes “earn” their chance 

to participate in the transaction processing by adding more power and solving next block (which is 

generated on average every 2 minutes). 

The supernodes that perform successful mining but fail to process real-time authorization requests will be 

excluded by the network from the supernode list (i.e. the blocks they solve will not be accepted by the 

network for the period of 720 blocks). 

When new transaction request is initiated by the merchant point of sale, it is assigned the current block 

height which defines the authorization sample. The height can be incremented while transaction is still in 



progress, but it does not change the sample height that was initially assigned to the transaction request. The 

merchant relay supernode that initially formats the transaction request selects the sample supernodes, but 

this selection is validated by each member of the sample plus the wallet’s relay. 

In order to speed up the authorization process, the merchant point of sale app can instruct the authorization 

sample supernodes to ignore the responses from the rest of the authorization sample as soon as it receives 

more than 50% of the approved responses from “fastest” supernodes and zero rejected responses; however, 

this mode will increase the risk of fraud, which can be acceptable in specific cases of micropayments when 

transaction processing speed requirements are extremely important. 

Relay Supernodes 

Any supernode from the authorization sample can be also a relay supernode - the one that facilitates the 

merchant transaction by communicating with the merchant POS or/and the buyer’s wallet on one side, and 

the rest of the authorization sample supernodes on the other side. The relay supernode can be selected 

randomly by the point of sale or wallet from the current authorization sample linked to the transaction. 

Merchant or wallet can also select any supernode which is not a part of authoriztion sample. In fact, 

merchant or wallet can host their own supernodes if they are seeking an extra layer of security and privacy, 

and potentially earn an income from mining and transaction processing. However, the relay nodes do not 

get any rewards or fees if they are not included in the authorization sample. 

Supernode Rewards 

Each supernode in the authorization sample receives a share of transaction fee for each transaction it signs 

(approves). Each supernode in the sample receives 1 / n of the transaction fee, where n is the number of 

supernodes in the authorization sample. The fee is paid by the recipient (merchant). 

The block mining reward is paid to the supernode that solved the new block. The block reward is gradually 

reduced with each new block using the following formula: (M - A) * 2-19 * 10-12, where A = current circulation, 

M = total supply (264 − 1) in atomic units (10-12). The idea behind this is that in the future there will be more 

transactions which will ensure the sustainable income for supernodes from transaction fees. 

Scalability 

Scalability of payment network is the ability to process a large number of transactions simultaneously 

without degradation of performance. Scalability of the payment network is usually measured in tps 

(transactions per second). For example, Visa claims its authorization network is capable to process 56,000 

tps,[17] while Bitcoin network is restricted to a sustained rate of only 7 tps.[18] 



Some of the measures that can be used to ensure higher scalability are decreasing the block creation interval 

to 2 minutes and removing the size limit of the block, so the transactions blocks are created more often, and 

each block can accommodate more transactions. Such measures are not unique and already implemented 

by other cryptocurrencies.[19] Unlike other networks, however, Graft is maintained by always-on high 

performance supernodes which validate and authorize transactions in real time. Therefore, each supernode 

not only has a most recent copy of full blockchain but also keeps a list of all pending authorization requests 

and completed transactions until they are added to the blockchain. Such architecture allows absorbing large 

picks of requests associated with seasonal and other changes in buyers and merchants activities. 

Offline Transaction Approvals 

People familiar with payment card processing know that sometimes transaction can be approved by 

merchant without getting actual approval from the bank. This is called offline or local approval, or offline 

authorization, or sometimes S&F ("store and forward") as such offline authorization is forwarded to the 

server once the network is back online. 

Crypto payments, however, assume that network is available 24/7, and there are no downtimes, which is not 

always true. In some situations, merchants take a risk and approve transactions locally because the risk of 

single chargeback is lower than the risk of losing multiple customers. Usually, there is a total limit amount 

for local authorization. After the system reaches this limit (the maximum risk), it stops issuing local 

approvals until the network is up again. But in case of short downtime, local authorization can go unnoticed 

to both cashiers and buyers. 

Graft merchant point of sale app and single relay supernode will be able to process offline crypto 

transactions based on the same principle, if they cannot communicate to the authorization sample and get 

consensus, and the merchant is ready to take a risk. The decision about offline approval will be also based 

on buyer’s and supernode’s reputation scores. 

Transaction Types and Payment Flows 

Graft introduces the following transaction types and flows in order to facilitate merchant transactions and 

support existing payment and point of sale applications. 

Authorize 

This is analogue to debit card authorization. Authorize is initiated by the merchant and confirmed by the 

payer. Payer’s account is temporarily “locked” for the amount and duration (number of blocks) requested by 

payee and confirmed by the payer, or until the amount is confirmed by subsequent Complete transaction. 



The authorization lock can be also released by Cancel transaction issued by payee before the expiration. The 

funds are automatically released back to the payer by the network after the expiration date/time if the payee 

did not claim them by sending Complete transaction. 

Authorize is used when the exact final amount of transaction is unknown at the time of the sale initiation. 

Examples are pay at the pump at gas station, car rental check-in, hotel room reservation/check in, or 

restaurant pay at the table. 

PreAuth 

This is similar to long-term Authorize but the difference is that the payer does not guarantee that the funds 

will be available at the time of Completion. PreAuth is a long-term contract between the payer and the 

payee. However, unlike Authorize, which cannot be cancelled by the payee, PreAuth can be cancelled at any 

time by moving funds from the account associated with pre-authorized transaction. 

PreAuth is suitable for long-term payment arrangements such as monthly service subscription or daily hotel 

room billing. The payee specifies (and the payer confirms) the maximum amount of single charge, the total 

number of charges, and the minimum interval between the charges. 

Complete 

Finalize the payment initiated by Authorize or PreAuth transactions. Actual amount of Complete can be less 

than previously authorized amount; there might be multiple Completions but the total amount will not 

exceed the amount of Authorize. 

Complete is used after previously authorized transaction is finalized and the exact amount is known. For 

example, pay at the pump after the fueling is complete, car rental check out, hotel check out, or restaurant 

payment with tips added. 

Sale 

Sale is Authorize/Complete processed sequentially and automatically by the network as a single transaction. 

Sale is typical merchant transaction in online or brick and mortar store. 

Transfer 

Money transfer between Graft accounts. The same as Sale but initiated by the Sender, without Receiver 

consent. Can be used for peer-to-peer payments, exchanges, and transfers between different accounts. 



Cancel 

Cancels Authorize, releases the authorized funds (removes the account lock). 

Issue 

Activates Graft prepaid card, gift certificate, loyalty points, store credit, or discount coupon. 

Redeem 

Payment using prepaid card, gift certificate, loyalty points, store credit, or discount coupon previously issued 

by Graft. 

Exchange 

Exchange funds between graftcoins and other major cryptocurrencies and local fiat currencies using the best 

offer from supernodes. 

Schedule 

Schedules a transaction to occur at a later time/date. Requires additional acknowledgement from the user. 

Escrow 

Escrows the funds, attaching an event trigger when the funds will be released. 

Refund 

Refund transaction returns the funds referenced by the transaction pointer. Requires RMA authorization from 

the seller. 

Processing Transactions with Graftcoins as a Payment 

Method 

Unlike Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, and similar to payment cards, payment transaction requests are 

formatted and issued by the recipient (merchant), with only exception for Transfer and Exchange which are 



initiated by the sender (i.e. anyone who wants to move funds between Graft accounts). Unlike credit and 

debit cards, however, payment requests are explicitly confirmed by the buyer who is prompted by the Graft 

Wallet app before it digitally signs the transaction and sends it to the network. The only exception is Redeem 

of paper or plastic gift certificate or coupon which can be scanned by the merchant payment app if the 

customer does not want to use mobile app or does not have Graft account at all. 

Processing Transactions with Alternative Payment 

Methods 

In order to provide the best user experience for buyers and better conversion rates to merchants, Graft 

payment transaction can take various convertible cryptocurrencies or local fiat currencies in a form of 

credit/debit card as an input through the buyer’s Graft wallet app. Exchange fees, bank fees, and credit/debit 

card processing fees (charged from merchant in graftcoins) will be applied accordingly in addition to 

standard Graft transaction fees. Those fees will be invisible for the buyer as the method of payment will not 

affect the sale price. Automatic instant conversion will help adopt Graft payments by mainstream users who 

are not familiar enough with cryptocurrency ecosystem and still feel more comfortable with traditional 

method of payment, but seek better security, privacy, and full anonymity of their transactions. 

If buyer decides to pay with alternative cryptocurrency or credit/debit card, Graft network will automatically 

exchange other cryptocurrency or convert credit card payment in local fiat currency into graftcoins in real 

time as a part of the transaction processing using service brokers. The service brokers, running on Graft 

supernodes and maintained by the supernode owners, are responsible for executing the exchange deals, 

charging the buyers, and executing payouts to merchants. If the buyer chooses alternative cryptocurrency or 

credit card as a method of payment, the supernode sample automatically selects the best offer from all 

service brokers based on previous merchant selections and combination of the better exchange rate and 

higher reputation score. 

The supernode owner can provide currency exchange or/and credit/debit card payment as an additional 

service in a form of service broker. The service broker is responsible for maintaining security and necessary 

compliance with exchange and payment card processing regulations, including PCI DSS compliance, anti-

money laundering regulations, etc. 

Service Brokers 

If customer pays in graftcoin, and merchant wants to get paid in graftcoins, the funds will be automatically 

and instantly debited from buyer account and deposited to merchant account by Graft network. However, if 

the customer wants to pay using different payment method, or/and the merchant wants to be paid in 

different currency, the Graft network will have to use special mechanism. 



In order to facilitate elements of payment processing that cannot be decentralized but still highly demanded 

by consumers and merchants, Graft introduce a concept of service broker. Whenever the Graft network itself 

cannot process particular operation in fully decentralized way, it will delegate such an operation to the 

network of service brokers which can compete by offering to merchants and customers better services and 

lower fees. Merchants can choose a single (for example, highly trusted or least expensive) service broker, or a 

group of brokers. This way both buyer and merchant will received all the services they need while still 

keeping some grade of decentralization. 

Supernodes facilitate the hosting of service Brokers. In fact, the supernode owners may become a service 

Broker. While supernodes must implement both mining and real-time authorization functions, they don't 

have to implement any Broker functions by default. 

In addition to adding implementation modules to supernodes, Service Brokers may modify the client app 

source code, or even create their own applications following Graft protocol. These are the types of service 

brokers: 

• Accept Broker 

• Payoff Broker 

• Top Up Broker 

• Margin Broker 

• Escrow Broker 

• Identify Verification Broker 

Accept Broker enables accepting payment methods different from native graftcoins and immediately 

convert the payment amount into graftcoins and deposits them into merchant account. Accept Broker acts in 

real time and becomes a part of transaction between buyer and merchant. Examples of accept broker: 

• Bitcoin accept broker 

• Ether accept broker 

• Credit Card accept broker 

• Apple Pay accept broker 

Payout Broker enables withdrawal from Graft merchant account in bitcoins, altcoins, or local fiat currency. 

Payoff can be initiated manually or automatically. Examples of payout broker: 

• Bank transfer payout broker 

• PayPal payout broker 

• Bitcoin payout broker 



Top Up Broker enables wallet top up (exchanging bitcoin, altcoins or local fiat currency to graftcoins). 

Examples: 

• Credit card top up Broker 

• Bitcoin top up Broker 

• ACH top up Broker 

Margin Broker provides a temporary balance to merchant for paying processing fees for transactions that 

do not have financial inputs such as gift certificate redemption. The margin balance is returned 

automatically as soon as merchant receives proceeds from next financial transaction. 

Merchant Payouts 

Merchant can decide to receive their proceeds from transactions in other cryptocurrency such as Bitcoin or 

local fiat currency. In this case, the output of the transaction will be processed by service broker, as part of 

the same transaction, or later, depending on merchant settings. This ensures that the sale will pay the 

merchant the exact local currency price less applicable fees. The supernode sample automatically selects the 

best offer from all service brokers based on combination of the merchant selections, better exchange rate, 

and higher reputation score. 

There are several payout options: graftcoins, original cryptocurrency, other cryptocurrency, or local fiat 

currency (Table 3). For each of these options, there are payout broker services available on Graft. When the 

merchant selects the methods of payment they want to accept and the payout method, the Graft Point of 

Sale application will prompt with all available broker services options - depending on merchant identity and 

location attributes - so the merchant can sign up for all desirable broker services. If more than one payout 

broker service available for the same type of exchange and selected by merchant, the Graft Point of Sale app 

will automatically select the best offer during the transaction execution. 

Table 3: Examples of Variety of Accepted methods of Payments and Payoffs 

Payment method 

selected by 

customer 

Payout 

method 

selected by 

merchant 

Accept 

Broker 

Payout Broker Additional Fees 

graftcoins graftcoins None 

(Graft 

network) 

None (Graft 

network) 

None 



Gift Certificate, 

Loyalty Rewards, 

Store Credit 

redemption 

N/A None 

(Graft 

network) 

N/A (Margin Broker 

might be needed to 

cover transaction 

fee) 

None 

graftcoins USD None 

(Graft 

network) 

Bank Transfer 

Payout Broker, 

PayPal Payout 

Broker 

Payout Broker fee 

graftcoins bitcoins None 

(Graft 

network) 

Bitcoin Payout 

Broker 

Bitcoin Payout Broker fee 

bitcoins graftcoins Bitcoin 

Accept 

Broker 

None (Graft 

network) 

Bitcoin Broker fee, Bitcoin 

transaction fee (paid by 

customer) 

bitcoins bitcoins Bitcoin 

Accept 

Broker 

Bitcoin Payout 

Broker 

Bitcoin Accept Broker fee, 

Bitcoin Payout Broker fee, 

Bitcoin transaction fee (paid 

by customer) 

bitcoins USD Bitcoin 

Accept 

Broker 

Bank Transfer 

Payout Broker, 

PayPal Payout 

Broker 

Bitcoin Accept Broker fee, 

Payout Broker fee 

Credit card grafts Credit Card 

Accept 

broker 

None (Graft 

network) 

Credit Card Accept broker 

fee 

Credit card bitcoins Credit Card 

Accept 

broker 

Bitcoin Payout 

Broker 

Credit Card Accept broker 

fee, Bitcoin Payout Broker 

fee, Bitcoin transaction fees 

(paid by customer) 

Credit card USD Credit Card 

Accept 

broker 

Bank Transfer 

Payout Broker, 

PayPal Payout 

Broker 

Credit Card Accept broker 

fee, Bank or PayPal payout 

broker fee 



Open Loop and Closed Loop Products: Gift Certificates, 

Loyalty Rewards, and Store Credits 

Graft will allow merchants to create and use their own open loop and closed loop[20] products: gift 

certificates, loyalty rewards, or store credit program in minutes, without any initial investments, fees, or 

registration with any centralized authority. Merchants will be able to sell and accept gift certificates on their 

website or in brick-and-mortar store for local currency, other cryptocurrency, or graftcoins. Gift certificates 

will be available in a form of electronic certificate on mobile wallet app, sent by email, printed on paper, or 

as a physical plastic card (provided by Graft foundation or third parties). Using unique Graft flexible identity 

system, merchant can be compliant with regulations around gift certificates. 

All Graft transactions, including issuing and redemption of gift certificates, loyalty points, and store credits 

are processed in real time using standard API, which can be easily integrated into existing point of sale 

applications. Customers can buy gift certificates from various merchants and marketplaces, online and in 

store, and pay in local fiat currency or cryptocurrency. The gift certificate or store credit value in local fiat 

currency is guaranteed by the issuing merchant and by the network, so they will never lose its initial nominal 

value. Customer can redeem gift certificates at the issuing merchant store by its nominal local currency 

value or sell it anytime on marketplace for local fiat currency or cryptocurrency using its current market 

value. 

Merchant (Domain) Tokens 

In addition to fast and inexpensive transactions, merchants place high value on customer loyalty and 

branding. This functionality will be enabled by the token layer of the Graft currency. The token represents 

domain (merchant) specific Graft use, and offers smart contract backed functionality like loyalty point 

accumulation and use, reward points, sale discounts, spending discounts, competitor discounts, coupons, 

store credit, etc. 

A coffee shop chain, for example, can create a merchant token and attach promotion rules that would 

provide a patron ability to get discounts on iced drinks at given time of the day, it would tally the purchases 

with the establishment and offer rewards based on activity or non-activity. 

Finally, Graft Domain Tokens would provide a very efficient mechanism for couponing by allowing the 

merchants to open up the coupon creation and assignment rules within their domain network. 

Decentralized Crowdfunded Credit Cards 



Decentralized crowdfunded credit card eco-system consists of credit consumers (cardholders, buyers), credit 

providers, identity providers, and merchants (sellers). Graft network facilitates the communication and 

transactions between the parties and enforces the common rules to minimize the risk of fraud. 

The Graft network connects potential credit consumers with credit providers who offer a credit to consumer. 

Anyone with Graft wallet (free app) can become a credit consumer. Anyone with Graft wallet and positive 

balance can become a credit provider. Anyone with Graft point of sale (free app), or third party point of sale 

integrated with Graft SDK, can become a merchant. The identity provider is implemented as a service broker 

which runs as a “plugin” on Graft network. The identity provider uses an open API which help maintain the 

open and decentralized character of the entire eco-system. 

Credit providers set their requirements of minimal identity necessary to receive the credit, maximum credit 

limit, overall maximum credit limit (from multiple providers), credit rate, and minimum payment amount 

and frequency. Credit consumer can get credit from multiple credit providers as long as the current state of 

their account fits the provider requirements. Identity providers validate and confirm the identity elements 

provided by the consumer to remove the burden of identity validation from credit providers and provide 

some degree of anonymity and privacy to cardholder. Thus, identity providers know the real identity of the 

consumer and therefore can maintain their long term reputation score independently from the network or 

credit providers. Credit providers receive a share of transaction fee from each payment that is processes 

using their credit. 

Credit consumer is assigned a reputation score which is dynamically calculated based on consumer history 

and level of identity provided by the cardholder and validated by the identity providers. The initial score, 

before any identity validated or any history data is collected, is set to 0. The more identity elements are 

provided and validated (for example, driver license, biometrics, social security number), the higher is initial 

score, which means the more credit can be given to the cardholder. Positive repayment history elevates the 

reputation score respectively. 

Merchants are just recipients of transaction with credit consumer, isolated from the relationship between 

the cardholders, credit providers, and identity providers, which completely eliminates their risk of fraud. 

Credit providers assume all potential fraud risk and expenses, which is compensated by their share of 

transaction processing fees and credit rates fees. However, merchants can participate in the process by 

offering incentives such as transaction cashback, or even as credit providers. 

Security 

As recent mega data breaches in retail and hospitality industries show, security is very important element of 

any payment ecosystem. The highest level of security can be achieved if security is part of the system design 

rather than “add-on” created after implementation is done. This is happened with payment card, which were 

not designed with security in mind, but it will not supposed to happen with cryptocurrencies, as they were 



designed to be resilient to most types of attacks. Security of payment system is not just information security 

but it should include financial security as well. In addition to standard security features inherited from its 

predecessors, Graft will implement several enhancements from which both buyers and merchants benefit. 

Availability 

The distributed network of “always on” supernodes ensures overall availability of the network. The client 

apps communicate with multiple supernodes simultaneously in order to get a concensus necessary for 

authorization. If one of the sample supernodes is down it is automatically replaced by another one from the 

authorization sample candidate list which contains virtually endless number of candidates. 

Identity Management 

Relying on the wallets to do user management opens up a big security risk as wallets are typically free to 

implement their own security measures and can be compromised individually. In order to protect the 

network and ensure integrity of user identities, Graft will implement a distributed identity provider service 

(embedded into supernode), available to the wallets as an OpenID Connect oAuth2 API call. 

As such, regardless of wallet implementation, user verification and authentication will be carried out by the 

Graft network, which will prevent compromised user identities, spoofing, replays, and man-in-the-middle 

attacks. 

Identification, Authentication, and Authorization 

In the existing cryptocurrencies authentication / authorization has been the purview of the user application 

such as wallet, and has largely been an afterthought. In context of financial transactions between buyers and 

sellers, however, where some degree of trust has to be established between the parties, regulations and 

compliances have to be dealt with, and a recourse has to be provided, a good system for authentication 

/authorization becomes critical. 

Identity Proofing 

Identity proofing is a challenging topic as it carries both regulatory and privacy considerations. Also effective 

identity proofing is not trivial. 

To understand the need for identity proofing consider a seller that might request strong level of identity 

proofing to make sure the buyer is eligible to purchase prescribed medications, and superior level of identity 



proofing to purchase arms (as defined by NIST Special Publication 800-63A in the US ). Conversely, buyers 

purchasing goods on an after-market, might want to protect themselves from buying stolen goods by 

requesting that the seller provide higher level of identity proofing. 

Graft expects the client applications to comply with identity verification standards relevant to the 

jurisdictions.. Supernodes will provide resources for machine-based identity verification and fraud detection 

to assist merchants (and users) with compliance, ensure integrity of the payment network, and safety of the 

transactions. In order to limit user’s exposure when sharing their complete identity information is 

undesirable or counter to the regulatory laws (GDPR for example), Graft will facilitate request for and 

sharing of the identity attributes, such as person’s age, their address, etc to ensure compliance with local 

laws and regulations. We’re also looking to add more metadata collection to the attribute sharing to enable 

auxiliary business logic such as drug interaction checks or loyalty rewards. 

Graft will allow optional multi-user control, when several users have access to the same merchant account, 

and multi-user custodianship, when two or more users are required in order to unlock some functions like 

transfer funds out of the account. 

Two Factor Authentication with Biometrics 

Graft will implement best-practices, advanced authentication to go along with the user management service, 

which will include risk / threat analytics based on login/usage pattern as well as device and network 

characteristics, sophisticated multi-factor based authentication which will include biometrics, FIDO and other 

passwordless factors and techniques to identify the user. 

The user ID will be given special attention to avoid “lost key” problem, but also to ensure ability to reliably ID 

the user quickly and in variety of situation. To that end UserID will be comprised of multiple elements (keys) 

- some tied to devices and hardware tokens, and some to user biometrics - that will jointly provide a base for 

identifying a user via flexible set of attributes. For example it will be possible to identify the user by a choice 

of 2 factors out of available ID elements (face, palm, iris, hardware token, device, etc). The unused factors 

will be used as a pool of factors to verify user’s identity. 

The ultimate goal is to make user identification and authentication work quickly, reliably, in wide variety of 

situations, on wide variety of devices; while providing user with choices and that are reflective of user 

preferences and limitations. 



 

Figure 3: Mobile Multi-Factor Biometric Authenticator is a Part of Graft Existing Technologies Portfolio 

Reputation Score - Illuminate the Darkness 

Graft take a risk based approach to transaction processing. Each participant in the network is assigned a 

reputation score which is dynamically updated according to new data captured by the system. The buyers, 

merchants, and supernodes owners can optionally link their partial identity to their account in order to 

disclose and improve their reputation score. Such a link will will not compromise the untraceability of 

transactions. 

The reputation score system helps participants in the ecosystem make informed decisions without 

compromising their security and privacy. For example, a merchant can take into account the buyer’s 

reputation score when making decision regarding authorization limit before instant authorization. The buyer 

can review the merchant’s reputation score before making payment for the goods that cannot be delivered 

immediately. Both buyers and merchants can check the reputation score of the network supernode they 

communicate with. 

The supernodes are in charge of monitoring, calculating, updating, and validating the reputation scores for 

buyers, merchants, and other supernodes. The scores are calculated using special predictive analytics 

algorithms which produces easily understandable results on 0-100 scale, which cannot be used to disclose 

any information about the number, amount, time, or nature of transactions. 

Volatility 

https://github.com/graft-project/graft-white-paper/blob/master/graft-white-paper-1.01/images/Figure4.png


Most merchants want to get paid in dollars (or their local currency). Merchants use fiat currency, not bitcoins 

or other cryptocurrencies, to replenish stock and pay their bills and employees’ salaries. Also, they may use 

fiat to pay refunds in case of return. They cannot afford high volatility, especially small merchants. Graft 

resolved the volatility problem by instant, real time transaction settlement, which minimizes possible loss of 

value due to volatility. The merchant’s payment app can automatically adjust the transaction amount to the 

current exchange rate, and redeem it to local currency through online exchange right after transaction 

completion. 

Customer Support, Dispute Resolution, and Payment 

Insurance 

One of the main showstoppers of cryptocurrency adoption by mainstream consumers and merchants is the 

lack of the authority and the business owners who could help answer questions and resolve technical and 

business issues. Also, it is impossible to “fix” a wrong cryptocurrency transaction in case of human error, 

fraudulent activity, or technical glitch. Obviously, all these issues are caused and justified by decentralized, 

anonymous, and independent nature of crypto payments. However, the good reasons do not help resolve the 

problems. The open source community resolved those problems by introducing an optional customer support 

for free open source products. Linux OS supported by Redhat and MySQL database supported by Oracle are 

just two successful examples of providing commercial-level support to free open source products. 

In order to facilitate adoption of Graft payment, Graft Foundation provides free customer support and 

dispute resolution services to Graft account holders. Merchants with high transaction volume can get 24/7 

real time support and dispute resolution assistance. Graft Foundation or/and service brokers may insure 

payments up to equivalent of USD $100 and compensate customers or merchants for their lost of funds due 

to fraud or technical issues. 

Privacy 

Oftentimes, there is a wrong perception of the need for privacy. In reality, majority of legitimate buyers don’t 

mind to disclose their identity to the merchant, especially, if they benefit from such disclosure, or such 

disclosure is necessary to process transaction. In the same way, the buyers want to make sure that the 

merchant they send payment to is the right person or organization and not just their impersonator. What 

neither merchant nor buyer want is anyone else’s ability to recognize their identities and see all the details of 

their transactions by scanning the publicly accessible blockchain. 

Privacy is a delicate subject for crypto currencies and the payment industry in general. Privacy demands 

range from complete anonymity to complete transparency, as decided by both the seller and the buyer. The 



seller for example may have regulatory compliance requirements to collect and verify certain identity data, 

such as age for liquor or cigarette purchases, or zip code for online merchant’s tax calculations. The buyer on 

the other hand may or may not agree to disclose all or some of the attributes of their identity and should be 

in a position to do so. If the seller and the buyer can agree on the identity attributes to be shared, the 

transaction can proceed. Furthermore, there’s a requirement to establish identity attributes authenticity by 

the merchant in lots of cases. 

We find that the best way to approach this problem is using a system of identity verification and identity 

attribute sharing that is consistent with Digital Identity guidelines set out by government regulators focused 

on privacy enhancement (i.e. NIST 800-63 in the US or GDPR in EU) - standards which calls for differentiated 

identity proofing and authentication. 

Graft implements digital identity profile which is attached to Graft wallet, with ability to share the data from 

the digital identity with the counter-party incrementally and based on user permissions at the time of the 

transaction. These permissions include sharing certain attributes (such as age, home location, address, name, 

etc..) selectively and per transaction. 

Graft implements CryptoNote[21] as an underlying transaction recording protocol which provides a high 

degree of privacy comparing to Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies by hiding information about sender and 

receiver. 

User Applications 

All Graft user apps are “light” clients that do not store the blockchain or process any transactions. The user 

apps use remote API calls to communicate with “always on” Graft nodes which mine new transactions blocks 

and process transaction requests in real time. 

Users who require even higher level of control over privacy, anonymity, and availability (for example, large 

merchants or secret organizations) may run their own supernode or even multiple supernodes which would 

exclusively and privately communicate with their client apps, relay messages and transactions to other 

supernodes, issue offline authorizations, and mine Grafts required for running store credit, gift, and loyalty 

programs. Another solution is connecting to supernodes via remote VPN or/and TOR network. For this 

purpose, supernodes will be accessible through TOR. 

Consumer apps include: 

• Desktop and mobile merchant Point of Sale apps for accepting payments in graftcoins, bitcoins, 

altcoins, and credit/debits cards, as well as configuring payouts in bitcoins, altcoins, and local fiat 

currencies, which can be used by both buyers and merchants. 



• Desktop, mobile, and Chrome browser extension Wallet apps for making payments in graftcoins, 

bitcoins, altcoins, and credit/debit cards (by using instant exchange brokers), and sending and 

receiving transfers in graftcoins. 

• Graft SDK will allow integration with major merchant point of sale software and shopping carts, for 

processing both online and brick-and-mortar transactions. Graft will incorporate a 

Graft smartcard as a payment method. In addition to carrying keys, the card will also store 

biometric signatures of the user and a set of memorized or look-up secrets, which can be used for 

at-the-terminal authentication. Graft Foundation and service brokers will support the smartcard 

and smartcard reader production. 

In addition to supporting consumer focused transactions (B2C), Graft will support B2B (business-to-business) 

transactions and integrate into the existing business workflows. Such workflows can range from something 

as simple as automatically collecting according to credit terms (e.g. Net 30, 60, 90), to complex workflows 

such as settling the shipper’s customs bill and accounting for it as part of the overall transactions, to 

distributing the funds based on reaching milestones and customer approvals. 

Graft also plays well into the IoT space as some of the IoT devices need to “charge” for the data or services 

that they are offering. An example would be a brick-and-mortar merchant summoning a truck based on the 

inventory levels as determined by backend systems and sensors. 

Conclusion 

Graft wouldn’t exist without its predecessors. It is based on ideas, principles, and technologies introduced and 

tested by creators of other cryptocurrencies. Using most recent technologies developed by crypto community 

along with newly developed solutions for transaction processing and security will allow Graft to compete 

with traditional payment methods and existing centralized payment processors. 

References 

1. Bitcoin. https://bitcoin.org/en/. 

2. Dash. https://www.dash.org/. 

3. Bitpay. https://bitpay.com/. 

4. Graft Definition. Merriam-Webster (2017). https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/graft#h2. 

5. What Is Grafting? - Definition & Methods. Study.com 

(2017). http://study.com/academy/lesson/what-is-grafting-definition-methods-quiz.html. 

https://bitcoin.org/en/
https://www.dash.org/
https://bitpay.com/
https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/graft#h2
http://study.com/academy/lesson/what-is-grafting-definition-methods-quiz.html


6. Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard. Requirements and Security Assessment 

Procedures. Version 3.2 PCI Security Standards Council 

(2016). https://pcicompliance.stanford.edu/sites/default/files/pci_dss_v3-2.pdf. 

7. NIST Special Publication 800-63. Revision 3. Digital Identity Guidelines. NIST 

(2017). https://pages.nist.gov/800-63-3/sp800-63-3.html. 

8. IOTA. https://iota.org/. 

9. Median Confirmation Time. Blockchain. https://blockchain.info/charts/median-confirmation-

time?timespan=30days. 

10. Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash, Monero Avg. Transaction Fee historical chart. 

Bitinfocharts.com.https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/transactionfees-btc-eth-ltc-dash-xmr-

sma7.html#1y. 

11. Square. https://squareup.com/reader?utm_medium=affiliate&utm_source=phg&utm_term=1100l4d

N2S2g. 

12. PayPal. https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/merchant-fees. 

13. Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash, Monero Avg. Transaction Fee historical chart. 

Bitcoincharts. https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/transactionfees-btc-eth-ltc-dash-xmr-

sma7.html#1y. 

14. Average Confirmation Time. Blockchain. https://blockchain.info/charts/avg-confirmation-

time?timespan=30days. 

15. Median Confirmation Time. Blockchain. https://blockchain.info/charts/median-confirmation-

time?timespan=30days. 

16. First transaction using instant send took 10 mins. Dash. https://www.dash.org/forum/threads/first-

transaction-using-instant-send-took-10-mins.12880/. 

17. Visa Inc. at a Glance. Visa. https://usa.visa.com/dam/VCOM/download/corporate/media/visa-fact-

sheet-Jun2015.pdf. 

18. Scalability. Bitcoin Wiki. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Scalability. 

19. MONERO. Private Digital Currency. https://getmonero.org/. 

20. What are Open Loop and Closed Loop Gift Cards? Shelley Hunter. 

GiftCards.com. https://www.giftcards.com/gcgf/open-loop-versus-closed-loop-gift-cards. 

21. CryptoNote. https://cryptonote.org/. 

 

https://pcicompliance.stanford.edu/sites/default/files/pci_dss_v3-2.pdf
https://pages.nist.gov/800-63-3/sp800-63-3.html
https://iota.org/
https://blockchain.info/charts/median-confirmation-time?timespan=30days
https://blockchain.info/charts/median-confirmation-time?timespan=30days
https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/transactionfees-btc-eth-ltc-dash-xmr-sma7.html#1y
https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/transactionfees-btc-eth-ltc-dash-xmr-sma7.html#1y
https://squareup.com/reader?utm_medium=affiliate&utm_source=phg&utm_term=1100l4dN2S2g
https://squareup.com/reader?utm_medium=affiliate&utm_source=phg&utm_term=1100l4dN2S2g
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/merchant-fees
https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/transactionfees-btc-eth-ltc-dash-xmr-sma7.html#1y
https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/transactionfees-btc-eth-ltc-dash-xmr-sma7.html#1y
https://blockchain.info/charts/avg-confirmation-time?timespan=30days
https://blockchain.info/charts/avg-confirmation-time?timespan=30days
https://blockchain.info/charts/median-confirmation-time?timespan=30days
https://blockchain.info/charts/median-confirmation-time?timespan=30days
https://www.dash.org/forum/threads/first-transaction-using-instant-send-took-10-mins.12880/
https://www.dash.org/forum/threads/first-transaction-using-instant-send-took-10-mins.12880/
https://usa.visa.com/dam/VCOM/download/corporate/media/visa-fact-sheet-Jun2015.pdf
https://usa.visa.com/dam/VCOM/download/corporate/media/visa-fact-sheet-Jun2015.pdf
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Scalability
https://getmonero.org/
https://www.giftcards.com/gcgf/open-loop-versus-closed-loop-gift-cards
https://cryptonote.org/

	Graft
	Abstract
	Background
	The Value of Decentralized Payment Processing

	Terminology
	Graft
	Supernode
	Authorization Sample
	Relay Supernode
	Service Broker
	Domain
	graftcoin
	DAPI
	Graft Wallet
	Graft Point of Sale

	Transaction Fees
	To Fee or Not to Fee
	Charging the Wrong Guy
	Micropayments: How Do I Pay with Crypto for a Cup of Coffee?

	Graft Transaction Fees
	Free Funds Transfers: Authenticated Transactions
	Additional Third Party Service Broker Fees
	Customer Fees
	Paying Fees Using Margin Balances


	Transaction Processing
	Confirmation Time Problem: Introducing Real Time Authorizations
	Supernodes
	DAPI
	Real Time Approvals by Authorization Sample
	Authorization Account Lock

	Authorization Sample Selection
	Relay Supernodes
	Supernode Rewards

	Scalability
	Offline Transaction Approvals

	Transaction Types and Payment Flows
	Authorize
	PreAuth
	Complete
	Sale
	Transfer
	Cancel
	Issue
	Redeem
	Exchange
	Schedule
	Escrow
	Refund
	Processing Transactions with Graftcoins as a Payment Method
	Processing Transactions with Alternative Payment Methods
	Service Brokers
	Merchant Payouts
	Open Loop and Closed Loop Products: Gift Certificates, Loyalty Rewards, and Store Credits
	Merchant (Domain) Tokens
	Decentralized Crowdfunded Credit Cards

	Security
	Availability
	Identity Management
	Identification, Authentication, and Authorization
	Identity Proofing
	Two Factor Authentication with Biometrics
	Reputation Score - Illuminate the Darkness
	Volatility
	Customer Support, Dispute Resolution, and Payment Insurance

	Privacy
	User Applications
	Conclusion
	References

