






































Microsoft Word - HelloGold Technical Whitepaper 27-Aug-17 Final


HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

1

HelloGold Foundation 
Technical Whitepaper 
27 Aug 2017 
 
 
  



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

2

Table of Contents 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ........................................................................................................................................ 3 

WHY HELLOGOLD ............................................................................................................................................. 4 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY ..................................................................................................................................... 5 

HELLOGOLD TECHNOLOGY AND USE OF BLOCKCHAIN ..................................................................................... 6 

PRODUCT OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................ 6 
TECHNICAL OVERVIEW .............................................................................................................................................. 7 
PRODUCT BLOCKCHAIN ............................................................................................................................................. 8 
TECHNICAL CAPABILITY ........................................................................................................................................... 15 

EXPANSION PLANS ......................................................................................................................................... 17 

DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP ....................................................................................................................................... 17 
DEVELOPMENT FUNDS ............................................................................................................................................ 19 
REPORTING .......................................................................................................................................................... 26 
FURTHER INFORMATION AND CONTACT DETAILS .......................................................................................................... 26 

 
  



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

3

 

IMPORTANT NOTICE 

 
The HelloGold Technical Whitepaper dated 27 August 2017, the HelloGold Summary Whitepaper dated 
27 August 2017, the HelloGold Business Plan dated 27 August 2017 and the Token Sale Information 
Sheet dated 27 August 2017 (collectively the “Token Sale Documents”) which are made available to 
the public, form part of and are integral to the Token Sale Summary Whitepaper. The Token Sale 
Documents should be read in conjunction with one another. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the 
event of any inconsistency between the Token Sale Documents, the Token Sale Information Sheet shall 
prevail. 
 
This Token Sale of The Round 1 HelloGold Tokens (HGT) is subject to the terms and conditions including 
but not limited to the disclaimers made and the risks disclosed in the Token Sale Documents. A 
Supporter of this Token Sale or purchaser of any HGT pursuant to this Token Sale shall be deemed to 
have agreed to and accepted all the terms and conditions of this Token Sale set out in the Token Sale 
Documents. 
 
 If you have any question or doubt on anything contained or unaddressed in the Token Sale 
Documents, please communicate with HelloGold Foundation (HGF) at your convenience. You shall 
refrain from supporting the Token Sale or purchasing any HGT until you are satisfied with the 
answers provided. 
 
Please visit www.hellogold.org (the “Website”) for the Token Sale Documents. 
  



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

4

WHY HELLOGOLD 

 
The amount of money in a person’s wallet should not be a barrier to his ability to access financial 
products that the rich enjoy. HelloGold wants to remove affordability and accessibility from the 
equation through the democratisation and digitisation of gold-based savings and financing. 
 
I worked in Asia in 1997 during the Asian financial crisis and I saw at first-hand how “bad things can 
happen to good people” at no fault of their own. As a result of the 1997 crisis, the man in the street 
saw their domestic currencies hit by extreme devaluation – in the case of both the Thai baht and the 
Malaysian ringgit, this was in excess of 50%; in Indonesia, the rupiah went from 2,600 to the dollar 
to over 14,000 to the dollar. For someone who was earning the equivalent of US$1,500 a month, he 
woke up one morning earning the equivalent of $700 a month with a devastating effect on how he 
could provide for his family. The inequitable impact of these events on the people who were least 
able to fend themselves and their families left a lasting impression in my mind. They suffered 
disproportionately through no fault of their own, other than the simple, unavoidable fact that they 
were financially excluded from the products that were available to protect the more affluent. 
 
Fast forwarding to 2010 and up to 2015, I was the Chief Financial Officer at the World Gold Council 
where I was also the principal accounting officer for the world’s largest private gold fund with 
US$30b AUM. I saw how High Net Worth Investors and funds alike had the ability to use gold both to 
protect their wealth and as a form of collateral to get better financing deals. 
 
With the help of technology, the digitisation of gold will enable everyone, everywhere to enjoy these 
same features that gold offers to the wealthy. With HelloGold’s gold-backed token everyone will 
only need the equivalent of a fraction of a dollar to save through gold (ERC20 tokens work to 18dp). 
And once they save enough in gold, they will be able to pledge it as collateral to borrow at lower 
interest rates and without the need for credit history. In short, everyone can save, and everyone can 
have access to affordable financing. Democratisation through digitisation. 
 
At HelloGold we have started this journey. Our App already enables ordinary Malaysians to buy 
physical investment-grade gold starting with as little as RM1. And we have partnered with Aeon 
Credit to develop the gold-backed lending proposition.  
 
Moving forward, the launch of HelloGold’s digital gold-backed token (GBT) will enable us to take our 
offer to another level. It will allow us to accelerate financial inclusion across the world. HelloGold 
wants technology to truly democratise gold - to empower every man, woman and child with financial 
products to overcome the fundamental financial challenges that remain prevalent in many emerging 
markets, both in Asia and elsewhere.  
 
HelloGold is launching the Token Sale of HelloGold Tokens (HGT) to support the accelerated 
development and the marketing of our financial inclusion agenda. I hope that you will find this 
project worthy of your support. 
 
Robin Lee 
CEO HelloGold 
  



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

5

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 

 
HelloGold has developed and launched a product to enable low to medium income customers to buy 
and sell gold, anytime, anywhere. The System has customer mobile applications (native Android and 
iOS) communicating with a backend built with 2 parts, a core Central Web Service (Ruby) and Agent 
(Go). The current database uses Postgres technology. 
 
Relevant parts of the backend are being migrated to Ethereum smart contracts to improve 
transparency and security for the customer gold transactions, as well as increasing access to the 
HelloGold system. HelloGold is using Ethereum as it is currently the most widely accepted platform 
that offers all the benefits of a blockchain and multiple source language implementations that 
encourage integration. Ethereum will handle only the parts needing consensus, transparency and 
accountability. Other services will continue to be provided using existing technology. HelloGold is 
using blockchain technology with a number of reconfigurable contracts that can be combined to 
perform the necessary functions in such a way as to allow new capabilities to be added while 
retaining the integrity of the entire system. 
 
The Ethereum blockchain will be run on a private network to avoid paying infrastructure fees per 
transaction, reduce transaction latency and avoid the risk of independent developers adding their 
own contracts onto the HelloGold Blockchain. 
 
HelloGold is now developing the blockchain elements, as opposed to leading with the smart 
contracts, as the requirements and areas that need to maintain flexibility are clearer having iterated 
using traditional technologies. The smart contracts are being prototyped and the test infrastructure 
is in place. Next comes the integration with the current system which will be balanced between 
immediate needs of the business and getting the blockchain to the market in a timely manner. 
 
HelloGold plans to develop this platform to enable HelloGold customers to switch from HelloGold 
customer gold to cryptocurrency tokens, backed by investment grade gold (Gold Backed Tokens - 
GBT). These tokens will be based on Ethereum ERC20 tokens so they can complete the calculation 
features required and make the gold tradeable on exchanges, outside the HelloGold system. As the 
GBT will be fully backed by 1g of physical, investment grade (99.99%) gold, vaulted with HelloGold’s 
vaulting provider, they should track the price of 1g gold. Critically, these blockchain elements will 
provide liquidity via smart contracts, forming the basis to convert value between fiat, gold and 
cryptocurrency, enabling gold as a form of value exchange. 
 
Subject to a successful Token Sale of HGT by the HelloGold Foundation (HGF), it is envisaged that 
HGF will give grants to HelloGold to support the development of HelloGold in the following ways: 

1. Market expansion 
2. Product improvement and technical development 
3. Tech team expansion – required to implement 1. and 2. 

Depending on the level of funds raised by HGF, HelloGold will be able to accelerate the market and 
product (functionality) expansion plans with a larger tech team. 
 
  



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

6

HELLOGOLD TECHNOLOGY AND USE OF BLOCKCHAIN 

 
 

PRODUCT OVERVIEW 

 
HelloGold has developed a product to enable low and median income customers to buy and sell 
gold, anytime, anywhere, using a mobile application. To do this, customers must register an account, 
clear KYC (Know Your Customer) processes, top up the account with cash and then buy gold. Once 
gold has been bought, customers can either physically redeem it, gift it to other HelloGold 
users/accounts or take a loan using the gold as collateral, thereby reducing the cost of the loan. 
Customers can sell the gold back to HelloGold at the market rate at the time of the transaction and 
have the cash returned to them. 
 
Core Product 
 

 
  



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

7

TECHNICAL OVERVIEW 

 
HelloGold is currently using proven technology to deliver the core product of buying and selling gold. 
The System has mobile applications (native Android and iOS) communicating with a backend built 
with 2 parts, a core Central Web Service (Ruby) and Agent (Go). The current database uses Postgres 
technology. HelloGold intend to migrate parts of the backend to Ethereum smart contracts to 
improve transparency and security. In the future this will provide the basis for a gold backed 
cryptocurrency. 
 
Current HelloGold System 
 

 
 
Mobile Applications 
Two Native Mobile applications have been built for Android and iOS respectively. Native has been 
used for speed, responsiveness, customer familiarity and to some extent better security due to 
compiled binaries. The mobile application enables the following functionality: 

1. Set up account (registering, clearing KYC) 
2. Top Up “e-wallet” (add cash to HelloGold account) 
3. Buy/Sell gold 
4. Physically redeem gold 
5. Apply for gold backed loan 
6. Gift gold (remit gold to other people) 
7. Cash withdrawal 

 
Backend 
HelloGold’s core system is built on Ruby-on-Rails and Go with a Postgres database backend. Ruby is 
used for the CWS to give us faster time to market by exploiting the rich pool of available RoR 
developers. Go is used to build the other components for connecting to other source systems due to 
the rich tools for integration with the additional benefit of easily moving our solution to the 
blockchain world as the Ethereum platform is built on Go. The 2 core components of HelloGold’s 
System are: 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

8

 
1. Central Web Service (CWS): Built on Ruby-on-Rails (RoR), CWS provides the core interface 

for HelloGold’s mobile applications and potentially third party applications. For resilience 
purposes, CWS functions merely as an app server in which it does not interface directly with 
any external parties but merely responds to requests via the APIs that it connects to and 
delegating the integration to external parties via Agent (described below). Some of the core 
functions of CWS are: 
- Customer data including KYC (anti-money laundering system) 
- Transaction functions such as customer buy, sell gold and transaction history 
- Account Management 
- Provide the mobile interfaces to Agent functions such as Top Up and gold redemption  
- Calculation and charging of fees (Fee Engine) 
- End of Day Customer, Accounting, Management Report generation 
- Management panels (front-end) for customer support, accounting reporting.  

 
2. Agent: Built on Go, Agent provides the core functions by integrating with external third party 

service APIs such as payment gateway, currency exchange rates and gold bullion agent. 
Using a purely micro-services architecture that promotes Agile development, the Agent can 
be upgraded by bringing on additional services as required. Another benefit is that should an 
external service fails, the Agent will handle it while ensuring that customer activity will not 
be impacted. Key functions are: 
- Cash functions – including Top Up and withdrawal 
- Gold function – pricing, redemption 
- Treasury – buy/sell gold 
- International currency transfer including exchange rates 
- UN Consolidated List – KYC search for banned customers 

 
Database 
The current implementation uses the Postgres database, a traditional Relational Database 
Management System (RDBMS) for storing confidential client related data. The traditional database 
model has been developed prior to the implementation of the blockchain to test the feasibility of 
our approach and to ensure that the System could be responsive to changes. As the major business 
and technical principles are now clearer, the relevant parts of the System can be migrated onto the 
Blockchain whilst maintaining some flexibility to deal with future product changes. 
 
Testing 
HelloGold completes internal testing on the product, independent from the development team. 
Additionally, HelloGold runs security audits on the product/System prior to any major release. The 
System is set up with back-up capability/redundancy, which is tested on a regular basis. 
 
 

PRODUCT BLOCKCHAIN 

 
HelloGold will use Ethereum blockchain smart contracts to provide additional security and 
transparency for the customer gold transactions, as well as increasing access to the HelloGold 
system. 
 
Transparency 
By publishing the smart contracts and incorporating a blockchain explorer (transaction navigator), it 
will be possible to review the full list of anonymised transactions and calculate the amount of gold 
that HelloGold is holding on behalf of customers. This can be compared to the amount of gold 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

9

published in the customer gold list (anonymised) and that vaulted by HelloGold’s custodian, who 
also independently publishes the total amount of gold held. 
 
Security 
HelloGold has incorporated several security mechanisms to protect customer accounts. All 
connections are encrypted using HTTPS. Internal API calls between the core components are secured 
with additional secret keys and firewall rules that limit interactions between trusted systems. For 
external facing APIs, for example APIs used by our mobile application, the API calls are further 
secured with a combination of industry standard OAUTH and secure tokens for each mobile device. 
The addition of a distributed record adds a further level of security from internal and external 
attempts to alter account data without leaving an audit trail. The smart contracts are being 
developed with best practices in mind following constant review of public audit documents. This 
should ensure that customer accounts are true and accurate. 
 
Access 
In addition, the Ethereum smart contracts will enable HelloGold to create ERC20 based GBT, 
tradeable on any exchange which accepts them. This will make the HelloGold platform available to 
everyone anywhere in the world 
 
HelloGold System incorporating blockchain 
 

 
 
CWS and Client Engine 
When the blockchain is implemented, the core of the services as provided by CWS would essentially 
remain the same to the external applications. The key difference is that some of the functions (for 
example, Financial Transactions, Account Management, Fee Calculation) that were originally 
implemented within the CWS but are now implemented in the blockchain would be delegated by the 
CWS. The Client Engine would interface to the Contract Agent for all blockchain-related transactions.  
 
However, for the functions that are still implemented in CWS (for example Customer KYC Data and 
providing the Web Panels for Customer Support and Finance), these interactions would not go 
through the Client Engine but instead would remain within the CWS core. 
 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

10

ETHEREUM 
 
HelloGold is using Ethereum as it is currently the most widely accepted platform that offers all the 
benefits of a blockchain (full traceability, non-repudiability etc.) and multiple source language 
implementations that encourage integration. Ethereum will handle only the parts needing 
consensus, transparency and accountability. Other services will continue to be provided using 
existing technology. 
 
HelloGold needs a transactional blockchain with a powerful system of smart contracts which have 
the ability to ensure that a transaction can combine with the results of previous transactions to 
provide auditable consistent results. To date, Ethereum is the only stable system that has achieved 
widespread adoption. The decades of experience of our senior development team tell us to avoid 
anything experimental to run a live system. 
 
The Ethereum blockchain will be run on a private network to avoid paying infrastructure fees per 
transaction, reduce transaction latency and avoid the risk of independent developers adding their 
own contracts onto the HelloGold Blockchain. This means that HelloGold and the other nodes will 
control the block times, ensuring customer gold transactions are completed efficiently. (Currently 
the Kovan test-net seals blocks every four seconds) 
 
Ether and Gas will continue to be used on the Private Net. Gas is an essential concept to ensure that 
faulty code does not hang or throttle the throughput of the nodes. “Private Net Ether” will be either 
mined by the nodes that require it, or distributed as needed. 
 
Critically, the blockchain elements of the system will provide liquidity via smart contracts, forming 
the basis to convert value between fiat, gold and cryptocurrency, enabling gold as a form of value 
exchange. 
 
BLOCKCHAIN DESIGN PHILOSOPHY 
 
HelloGold is using blockchain technology with a number of reconfigurable contracts that can be 
combined to perform the necessary functions in such a way as to allow new capabilities to be added 
while retaining the integrity of the entire system. To attain this, the principle objects (the user and 
company accounts) are designed to survive intact even when details of the business operations may 
change, hence they were isolated into general purpose contracts. Other contracts such as Gifts, 
Loans and the Fee Engine are designed to be able to be plugged in and changed/updated as 
required. 
 
The network as designed should be able to scale because it is not a high speed trading application 
and therefore not transaction heavy. One account holder is expected to be transacting several times 
per month rather than hourly/daily. By the time we find that there is a congestion issue, the warning 
signs will have been there for some time and we will have had time to address them. 
 
In any system development, we need to pull together a number of technologies as appropriate. It is 
our firm belief that a UTXO (value transaction) blockchain has value as a tool in the appropriate 
system. A UTXO system is not appropriate for the HelloGold system as we need smart contracts 
which can manage transaction calculations. Things which can validly be done off chain should be 
done off chain. Where consensus is required for auditability, it should be done on-chain or proofs 
stored on chain. We have a consensus system of competing interests even in our systems design. 
 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

11

HelloGold is now developing the blockchain elements, as opposed to leading with the smart 
contracts, as the requirements and areas that need to maintain flexibility are clearer having iterated 
on the Contract Agent (using Go). While the system that we have designed is still in the early stages, 
we are testing it for efficiency and auditability. We are doing it with input from experienced staff in 
each area who has to convince the others that his way is the correct way of doing something. 
 
SMART CONTRACT SYSTEM 
 
Smart contracts 

 
 
Contract Agent 
The Contract Agent is a Go server which acts as a firewall to prevent direct access to the Private Net 
thereby ensuring its integrity and availability. This firewall should prevent spam attacks on the 
Private Net (as recently occurred on the Ropsten testnet - possible because of the low cost of Ether 
on a private net). We will also examine other schemes such as PoA (as just released in Kovan) and 
Permissioned Blockchain implementations for further protection of the net. 
 
When the HelloGold mobile app creates a transaction, the app/user signs the transactions. The 
Contract Agent server then dispatches/submits that transaction (job) onto the Private Net. 
 
Smart Contract Gateway 
The Smart Contract Gateway manages the relationship between contracts and acts as a gateway to 
the other contracts in the system. The main HelloGold contract has 2 functions – broker for some 
and index of where to find the contracts for other transactions (e.g. where to find a bank contract 
for a new currency). Additionally, the Gateway contract maintains the HelloGold gold balance. This 
excludes client gold, but includes fees that have been charged in gold. This contract has been 
designed as upgradeable without impacting the client account contracts (transactions). This is to 
minimise the need to migrate the client accounts in future. 
 
Bank Contracts 
Bank contracts are a series of smart contracts, with one per country in which HelloGold operates, 
plus functions to allow who can access and update that list. Initially this is Malaysia only, but will 
include other countries as HelloGold expands. The contract maintains transactions relating to 
HelloGold’s cash operations in that country, including the cash in/out functions. The record 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

12

maintains HelloGold money only, not client cash. The contract accepts cash to enable buy/sell gold 
transactions. 
 
Users’ Accounts 
Users’ Accounts processes and records customer related transactions in a series of arrays in a smart 
contract, holding: 
1. customer cash and gold balances 
2. the current fee tier for transactions 
3. a list of gifts and loans for each customer, showing status for each (open or closed) 
 
Fee Tables 
The Fee contract includes a list of tiers outlining the different fee structures that could apply to a 
customer. Whilst this is initially consistent across all customers, flexibility has been built in to enable 
variations in fees in future either due to promotions, variations by country, or other currently 
unknown variables. 
 
Gifting 
Each gift creates a new smart contract based on a template, with each contract implementing the 
movement of gold from account A to B, plus the status of that movement - complete, in progress, 
rejected (inc timed out). The flexibility incorporated into this design will enable broader use beyond 
pure “gifting”, i.e. anytime a transfer of gold between accounts is required. 
 
Loans 
Each loan is represented by a smart contract and comprises an agreement between customer and 
agent. As the current structure of the loan products has not been confirmed, less has been defined 
in these contracts beyond the ability to lock the customer gold as collateral for the duration of the 
loan and the ability to release this collateral at the end of the term. The architecture means we can 
create new types of loans for different environments. 
 
All the smart contracts have been designed so that they can be updated without effecting the 
balances, e.g. to allow HelloGold to add new currencies, countries, fee structures, loan products, 
other products not yet known. Contracts include information based on what is required only, rather 
than all information. 
 
CURRENT STATUS 
 
The smart contracts are being prototyped and the test infrastructure is in place. Next comes 
planning the integration with the current system which will be balanced between immediate needs 
of the business and getting the blockchain to the market in a timely manner. This will include a 
migration from Postgres to smart contracts. Since HelloGold is a working business, rollout will 
proceed cautiously with a parallel run to ensure that the system is processing transactions correctly. 
Part of the process will be extensive validation testing and an independent security audit of the 
contracts. Ideally we will be working in parallel by end October (2017) and completely on the 
blockchain by end Q4 
 
GOLD BACKED TOKENS 
 
The current use of blockchain is to support the core product (buy/sell/store gold). HelloGold plans to 
develop this platform to enable HelloGold customers to switch from HelloGold customer gold to 
cryptocurrency tokens, backed by investment grade gold (GBT). These tokens will be based on 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

13

Ethereum ERC20 tokens and be fully backed by 1g of physical, investment grade (99.99%) gold, 
vaulted with HelloGold’s vaulting provider. Consequently, GBT should track the price of 1g gold. 
GBT utilises ERC20 tokens so they can complete the calculation features required autonomously. 
This will make the gold tradeable on exchanges that accept the tokens, outside the HelloGold 
system. 
 
Once the GBT have been developed, they will be available for direct sales, to provide a version of a 
stable coin for crypto investors. Holders of the cryptocurrency gold backed tokens will be able to 
switch to a physical gold account and be able to either redeem physical gold or withdraw fiat 
currency via the existing HelloGold System. 
 
HGF will pay a management fee to HelloGold to cover the management costs associated with the 
GBT being physically backed by 99.99% investment grade gold. The management fee charged will be 
consistent with HelloGold customer account charges. This is currently set at 2% per annum, 
calculated daily and charged monthly. HGF anticipate that the charge will remain the same as that 
charged to HelloGold customer accounts. Therefore, the charge may change either up or down, 
although HelloGold does not currently anticipate this. The calculation and payment will be 
incorporated into the GBT smart contract. This management fee will be paid in gold by HGF to 
HelloGold. 
 
Via GBT, HelloGold will create a link between fiat currency, gold, gold as a cryptocurrency and other 
cryptocurrencies; with the ability to transfer value along through the blockchain. 
 
For additional information on GBT and how they operate, please see Token Sale Information Sheet. 
 
RISK MITIGATION – USING A PRIVATE NET 
 
HelloGold will be running on a private blockchain - with restricted access. Transactions on the 
Private Net will be allowed on a role based permission model. The version that the nodes are 
running will only be upgraded as required after extensive tests. The interface between the Private 
Net and the Live Net will be one way, as will the explorer. Should Ethereum cease to operate as a 
public net, the Private Net can continue operation until a suitable replacement is found.  
 

 
 
For information on HGT and GBT, please refer to Token Sale Information Sheet 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

14

 
The Bridge Node will be a server allowing the Ethereum private network to communicate with the 
public Ethereum network and vice versa using event logs to trigger the communication activities. 
Such an approach is already proven to be effective by the Oraclize platform. 
 
SECURITY AUDIT 
 
Security audits have been run on the core product – apps, communications and backend. This will be 
repeated on a regular basis, including prior to the blockchain deployment to ensure the integrity of 
the smart contracts. These have been done by reputable third parties including Crysp Australia Pty 
Ltd. 
 
The smart contracts themselves will be audited via a reputable third party at the appropriate time. 
At this time there are a number of alternatives that we are looking to complete the work. Funds will 
be set aside to pay for these reviews as required prior to any deployment and parallel run. 
 
  



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

15

TECHNICAL CAPABILITY 

 
Wykeen Seet (CTO) 
Wykeen was previously VP at Bangkok Bank in Thailand where he led multiple projects including 
Mobile Banking, B2B Gateway, International Remittance, and Credit Related Systems over a period 
of 8 years. Prior to Bangkok Bank, he worked as a software engineer at Digital Applications 
International Limited in the UK where he designed and implemented customer software 
changes/enhancements of Warehouse Management Systems for major retail clients such as 
Sainsburys, Tesco, & Woolworths. He has a PhD in Computer Science from the University of 
Manchester where he completed his Master of Philosophy (MPhil) in Computer Science and received 
a 1st class in Bachelors of Science. 
 
Dave Appleton (Lead Developer) 
Dave has more than 40 years of experience working as an engineer in the tech sector, starting from 
his time at University of London through to being VP of Engineering at Tembusu Systems 
immediately prior to HelloGold. At Tembusu Dave worked on a blockchain system that combined 
auditability with anonymity. Most of Dave’s time has been spent working for startups, mostly in SE 
Asia, including at Proteq Technologies (Singapore), being Founder/Owner of Calistra Research Labs 
(developing advanced automated inspection systems) and Pirate 3D where he defined test 
procedures for a crowdfunded 3D printer. Over the years, he has become proficient in many areas 
including low level hardware and software, hardware test systems design, image processing and 
blockchain technology. Dave has used multiple languages professionally, including C, C++, C#, Pascal, 
Modula-2, PHP, Go, Java, SQL, various test languages, Basic, Objective-C, Assembly Language 
(Various), Microcode and PowerBuilder; as well as Haskell, Scala, Verilog and Logo for fun. Based on 
this experience, Dave is an active speaker at conferences and tutor/mentor to students and the tech 
community at large, conducting classes at clubs, hackerspaces and colleges. Dave has BSc in 
Engineering (Electronics) from University of London and MSc in Management of Technology from 
National University of Singapore. 
 
Andras Kristof (Technical Advisor) 
Andras is an entrepreneur and digital currency technology expert. He has 20+ years of IT experience 
building robust, scalable systems. He started working with blockchains in 2013, starting with Bitcoin, 
then moving to Ripple and finally to Ethereum. After a successful exit from viki.com, he founded 
Tembusu Systems in late 2013. Andras is currently CTO of Yojee in Singapore, a distributed logistics 
platform using Ethereum and AI to make logistics more effective. Andras is the co-author of the 
“Handbook of Digital Currency” and provides consulting services for governments, international 
organisations and companies on blockchain topics including digital currencies, implementation 
feasibility and security. In addition to a Masters in Computer Science from the Maharishi University 
of Management, Andras is a Fellow at SIM University. 
 
TC Wu (Head of Apps/Technical Lead) 
TC was previously the Technical Lead for VLT Labs, where he enhanced its technical delivery 
capabilities and team dynamics. Prior to VLT Labs, TC was the CTO of Recomn.com, a service 
professional marketplace. In Recomn.com, he took over from an interim tech team and rebuilt both 
the team and the technology to position the company for growth. Prior to joining the startup 
ecosystem, he was a supply chain planning consultant for Quintiq, where he worked on the product 
development team for demand planning, strategic planning, operations planning and workforce 
planning. He has a Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Computer Systems engineering from 
Monash University. TC is experienced in multiple modern programming languages including Ruby, 
Python, Java, Javascript, Swift, C# and R. He is also experienced and proficient in technology 
frameworks like Rails, Django, Scipy, Cocoa, Android and Node. 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

16

 
Zulh Zainudin (Developer) 
Zulh was previously a Full-Stack Web Developer at a software house in Kuala Lumpur. He was 
involved in fast development sprint cycles; managing development across a wide range of industries 
for international customers. Before that, he was a freelance designer and front-end developer where 
he designed user-centric web application interfaces for businesses. Other than being deeply into 
development, he also enjoys working in digital marketing, DevOps, infrastructure scaling & 
serverless topics and is involved in many local community talks, conferences, and tech workshops. 
He is a mentor, trainer and organiser for RailsGirls KL and TechLadies KL teams; building and 
empowering woman software engineers. 
 
Dan Boey (Developer) 
Dan completed his BSc in Sound Engineering with 1st Class Honours from London Metropolitan 
University. He then went on to complete his MSc in Computing Science at Imperial College London, 
to which he was awarded a departmental scholarship. He has since worked as a Technical Consultant 
for Lombard Risk in London where he helped in the design and installation of regulatory reporting 
software for UK and international banks. Before joining HelloGold he worked for BBD Labs, a Kuala 
Lumpur based Ruby on Rails development house, where he was lead engineer on a number of 
projects. He has experience with Python, C++ and Java, though his current focus is on Go and Ruby-
on-Rails. 
 
Zaim Ramlan (Developer) 
Zaim was previously a freelance Full-Stack Web and Mobile App Developer where he designed and 
developed full-fledged, user-centric web and mobile applications for businesses and individuals. 
Being very keen on how technology works and his constant exploration through the realm made him 
the overall Gold Winner for his university's Computer Science Final Year Project. Apart from project 
development, he enjoys working with User Interface and User Experience (UI/UX), performance 
optimisation, scaling application infrastructure & building Internet of Things (IoT) and is involved in 
tech workshops, conferences and community talks. He is also a mentor and trainer for RailsGirls KL; 
pursuing his quest to contribute his knowledge back to the community. 
  



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

17

EXPANSION PLANS 

 
 

DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP 

 
BUSINESS PLAN 
 
Once the core gold buy/sell/store/transfer mechanism is in place, and scale achieved (thereby 
reducing marginal costs), there are many uses for the core functionality. The HelloGold team have 
built a strategy to utilise the core technology and to expand its use in different markets, segments, 
assets, products with different partners, as well as expand the types of technology used as required. 
 
Not least, this includes expanding the traditional world operations to support the gold backed tokens 
in the cryptocurrency market. HelloGold are able to immediately adapt the solutions used for the 
core product (app) and apply these to the crypto market in conjunction with Ethereum smart 
contracts and ERC20 tokens. 
 
See next page for business roadmap 
 
TECHNICAL DEVELOPMENT PLAN 
 
To support the business roadmap, HelloGold has a high-level technical development plan: 
 

 Stage Description Status 
1. Ideation Conceptualisation and proof of concept; 

create architecture, solve key technical 
problems, set up and interactions 

Complete 

2. Beta version development Android v1 developed with supporting 
backend for soft (test) launch 

Complete 

3. Launch: 
a. Soft launch 
b. Full customer launch 

Soft launch designed to test usability, 
operational processes, find bugs. 
Customer launch by wave, ensuring 
scalability of tech and operations 

 
a. Complete 
b. In progress 

4. Blockchain development Blockchain 1.0 smart contracts to replace 
transaction records and some elements of 
processing 

In testing 

5. Iteration and core 
development 

Continuous improvement and 
development to create better core 
product, including new functionality, e.g. 
Android v2 and iOS v1 launched based on 
feedback/bugs identified during soft launch 

In progress 

6. Expansion 
a. Geographic 
b. Product 

Add product features/functionality and 
make changes to allow geographical 
expansion 

Not started 

7. Increased automation of 
development processes and 
more innovative product 
features 

Adopt more automated product 
development processes and add new 
product features that uses more AI, 
machine learning to optimise app usability 
and functions 

Not started 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

18

Business Roadmap 
 

 
 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

19

DEVELOPMENT FUNDS 

 
Subject to a successful Token Sale of HGT by HGF, it is envisaged that HGF will give grants to 
HelloGold to support the development of HelloGold in the following ways: 
 

1. Market expansion 
2. Product improvement and technical development 
3. Tech team expansion – required to implement 1. and 2. 

 
 
1. MARKET EXPANSION 
 
The key drivers of HelloGold AUM are number of customers and amount of gold held by each 
customer. The best way to increase the number of active customers is via expansion into new 
geographic markets. The grants received from HGF (if any) will determine which markets can be 
entered, and accelerate the entry into these markets. 
 
 

 

Market expansion will require spend in 4 key areas: 
 

1. In country teams – Set up and run in-
country operations, including local customer 
service and marketing (language driven) 

2. Tech team – Scale up the tech team to get 
in-house specialists and the ability to 
respond to the challenges of both 
development and operating in multiple 
countries. This will include creating versions 
of the app for different countries 
(internationalisation inc. language, country 
specific payment systems, changes caused 
by different regulatory environments, 
different cultures, partner requirements etc) 

3. Marketing – Due to the mass market nature 
of the product, country specific marketing 
(style, content, language) is critical to 
creating product acceptance and take up. 
Expanding into different countries will 
require additional headcount for digital 
marketing (inc social media management in 
local languages) 

4. Additional overhead, particularly working 
capital required for a larger gold float (gold 
available for sale) 

 
Note: HelloGold’s expansion has costs in base/local currency (not crypto) and therefore the ability to 
accelerate our expansion and grow AUM is determined by the base currency amount 
raised/equivalent when ETH is released. 
  



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

20

 
2. TECH EXPANSION PLANS 
 
HelloGold has a plan to build out the functionality by sectors. 
 
Year 1 

Functionality Min functionality Max functionality 
App Existing Native apps - Redesign for better UX 

- Greater internationalisation/localisation 
(parallel development for multiple countries) 

- Increased security features 
- More streamlined processes such as account 

recovery, KYC, etc 
- More product features 
- Greater automation (e.g. KYC, redemption 

and chatbots) 
System/Backend Scale increase only - Increased security 

- Additional development to support regional 
expansion such as: 
 Integration to regional financial 

systems/regulations 
 Region specific currency, gold unit and 

fee structures, if required 
 Other region-specific product features 

- Code/System refactoring for purposes of 
optimisations and reducing technical debt as 
required 

- More process automation of design, build, 
test and deployment tasks 

Blockchain - v1.0 smart 
contracts 

- Gold backed 
cryptocurrency 
(GBT) 

- Explore use of alternate blockchains, or 
modifications to Ethereum to improve 
response times (Private Net) 

- Development of document blockchain to 
store data (user/customer data blockchain) 
(Private blockchain) 

- Explore the use of private side-chains for 
accountability 

Infrastructure Scale increase only - Improved redundancy 
- Reduced latency 
- Improved security 
- Servers running across a number of 

independent service providers, e.g. 
Azure/AWS/Google cloud etc. 

- More automation for better QC and 
coordination of feature rollout across 
different regions 

Customer/Product 
Features 

- Regular saver plan 
- Payment options* 
- Loan product 
- Lucky draw 
- Remittance 

- Recoverable wallets (vs current recreation of 
keys and migration of funds) 

- Big Data Analytics to support Machine 
Learning to better tune our product offering 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

21

- Gold leasing 
- Under 18 savings 

for users and for other detection algorithms 
such as fraud detection, etc. 

Testing Raw testing tools only 
for smart contracts 

- In-house automated testing functionality inc. 
contract testing 

- Publication of smart contract testing tools 
Support/Resilience Support provided by 

Dev team 
- Round the clock support teams that monitor 

and provide first-line support of common 
issues 

- High Availability active-active nodes that 
provide maximum uptime 

- Self-diagnostic health check system with the 
ability to provide early warning alerts of 
potential problems 

 
*Extended payment options include debit card, bank payment systems, tenpay, alipay, mobile wallet 
and crypto-currency exchange integration. 
 
Year 2 and 3 
The focus for 2018 and 2019 will be as per the Business Roadmap, with a focus on expanding into 
new markets (Indonesia, China, Philippines) and new products. 
 
HelloGold will develop a detailed ‘use of funds’ prior to undertaking any new financing, including but 
not limited to the receipt of any future grants from HGF. 
 
3. TEAM EXPANSION 
 
HelloGold would like to be able to expand the technical team to support the development roadmap 
both in terms of markets entered, technical features and product functions. Currently the team are 
technical generalists who are applied to solve all the technical problems HelloGold encounters. 
Ideally we would like to bring more capability in-house, to increase responsiveness/speed to market 
and control/quality, and get specialists (to ensure best practice): 
 

1. In house app developers, both Android and iOS 
2. Systems engineers for core Ruby and Go infrastructure 
3. Blockchain team – reduce key man risk and have ongoing smart contract development 
4. Specialist technical in-house testing, including ability to write automated test scripts as well 

as manual testing. Security testing would remain an outsourced function 
5. Dev Ops to manage the transition from development to operations 
6. Tech Ops team to support product operations/customer service, reducing the 

time/distraction on developers (both app and systems engineers) 
7. Business Analyst, Product Development Lead, Technical Architects and Technical Writers to 

provide more streamlined development and better documentation of common 
architecture/processes.  

8. Technical marketing support. As marketing becomes increasingly technical (e.g. in app 
analytics tools, push notifications, tracking, social media etc), the skill set required for 
marketing becomes more technical. Rather than relying on the development team (or even 
Tech Ops) to provide this technical support, HelloGold would like to build a team of technical 
marketing specialists to drive the growth in AUM. 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

22

BUDGET 
 
HelloGold has produced an expected operating budget based on anticipated Year 1 and Year 3 
spend. 
 
HelloGold 3-Year Budget 
 

 
 
The change in percentage of each segment between Year 1 and Year 3 reflects the relative costs of 
expanding into new markets. 
 
Team covers employment (staff) costs. HelloGold will expand our tech team and set up operational 
and marketing staff in new markets. The team cost as a portion of total reduces over time, as 
HelloGold will be able to benefit from scale. 
Gold Capex is the working capital cost of buying and storing gold reserves. With increased scale, the 
gold reserves will make up a smaller portion of total costs compared to setting up operations in new 
markets. 
Marketing covers direct to market activities, supporting integration with business partners, and 
promotions. As HelloGold enters new, larger markets we will increase our marketing spend 
accordingly. 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

23

Office includes expenses used to run HelloGold offices and related administrative costs, more people 
in more locations leads to increased spend.  
Architecture refers to the cost of maintaining and improving tech systems, including mobile 
development and web services. 
Security Audit means third party auditing of HelloGold systems. 
Non-Gold Capex covers fixed assets including computer and mobile phone hardware. 
Other captures all other third party fees including legal services, Shariah advisory and licensing. 
Contingency is calculated as a percentage of the total budget. Over time, HelloGold will allocate 
more finances towards this fund (up to 10%) as the bigger expansion plan will have greater 
uncertainty and more “unknown unknowns” which may require funds. 
 
 
USE OF FUNDS 
 
Depending on the funds raised by HGF, HelloGold will be able to accelerate the market and product 
(functionality) expansion plans with a larger tech team. 
 

Funds Raised Min Cap: ~USD 1,000,000 USD 5,000,000 Max Cap: ~USD 9,600,000 
Market  
   Thailand 
   China 
   Indonesia 
   Philippines 
 

 
Q1 2018 
Q1 2019 
Q1 2021 
Q1 2021 

 
Q1 2018 
Q1 2019 
Q1 2020 
Q1 2020 

 
Q1 2018 
Q1 2018 
Q1 2019 
Q1 2019 
 

Functionality 
   App 
 

 
 Existing native apps 
 

 
 Redesigned native 

apps for better UX 
 Greater localisation in 

each market 
 Increased security 

features 
 More product 

features 
 

 
 Redesigned native 

apps for better UX 
 Greater localisation in 

each market 
 Increased security 

features 
 Even more product 

features 
 More streamlined 

processes (e.g. KYC, 
account recovery) 

 Greater automation 
(e.g. KYC, redemption 
and chatbots) 

 
   System  Increased security 

 Scale increase only 
 Increased security 
 Integration to 

regional financial 
systems/ regulations 

 Region specific 
currency, gold unit 
and fee structures, if 
required 

 Increased security 
 Integration to regional 

financial 
systems/regulations 

 Region specific 
currency, gold unit, 
fee structures and 
other product 
features, if required 

 Code/System 
refactoring 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

24

Funds Raised Min Cap: ~USD 1,000,000 USD 5,000,000 Max Cap: ~USD 9,600,000 
 More process 

automation of design, 
build, test and 
deployment tasks 
 

   Blockchain  v1.0 smart contracts 
 Gold backed 

cryptocurrency (GBT) 
 Development of 

document blockchain 
to store data 
(user/customer data 
blockchain) (Private 
blockchain) 
 

 v1.0 smart contracts 
 Gold backed 

cryptocurrency (GBT) 
 Development of 

document blockchain 
to store data 
(user/customer data 
blockchain) (Private 
blockchain) 
 

 v1.0 smart contracts 
 Gold backed 

cryptocurrency (GBT) 
 Development of 

document blockchain 
to store data 
(user/customer data 
blockchain) (Private 
blockchain) 

 Explore use of 
alternate blockchains, 
or modifications to 
Ethereum to improve 
response times 
(Private Net) 

 Explore the use of 
private side-chains for 
accountability 
 

Infrastructure  Improved 
redundancy 

 Improved security 
 Scale increase  

 Improved 
redundancy 

 Reduced latency 
 Improved security 

 Improved redundancy 
 Reduced latency 
 Improved security 
 Servers running across 

independent service 
providers (e.g. Azure, 
AWS, Google cloud) 

 More automation for 
better QC and 
coordination of 
feature rollout across 
different regions 
 

   Product 
   features 
 

 Regular saver plan 
 Loan product 
 Lucky draw 
 Remittance 
 Gold leasing 
 Under 18 savings 

 

 Regular saver plan 
 Loan product 
 Lucky draw 
 Remittance 
 Gold leasing 
 Under 18 savings 
 Recoverable wallets 

(vs current recreation 
of keys and migration 
of funds) 

 Chatbots 
  

 Regular saver plan 
 Loan product 
 Lucky draw 
 Remittance 
 Gold leasing 
 Under 18 savings 
 Recoverable wallets 

(vs current recreation 
of keys and migration 
of funds) 

 Chatbots 
 Big Data Analytics/ 

Machine Learning  



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

25

Funds Raised Min Cap: ~USD 1,000,000 USD 5,000,000 Max Cap: ~USD 9,600,000 
 Gold gift cards 
 Jewelry redemption 
 P2P lending 
 

   Testing 
 

 Raw testing tools only 
for smart contracts 

 In-house automated 
testing functionality 
inc. contract testing 
 

 In-house automated 
testing functionality 
inc. contract testing 

 Publication of smart 
contract testing tools 

 
   Support  Support provided by 

Dev team 
 Round the clock 

support teams that 
monitor and provide 
first-line support of 
common issues 

 High Availability 
active-active nodes 
that provide 
maximum uptime 
 

 Round the clock 
support teams that 
monitor and provide 
first-line support of 
common issues 

 High Availability 
active-active nodes 
that provide 
maximum uptime 

 Self-diagnostic health 
check system with the 
ability to provide early 
warning alerts of 
potential problems 
 

Team  Blockchain 
developers 

 App developers 
 

 Blockchain 
developers 

 App developers 
 System engineers  
 Technical marketing 

specialists 
 Technical testing 

specialists 
 

 Blockchain developers 
 App developers 
 System engineers  
 Technical marketing 

specialists 
 Technical testing 

specialists 
 Dev ops 
 Tech ops 
 Business analysts 
 Product development 
 Technical architect 

and writer 
 

 
 
Community Support 
As part of the Token Sale, HGF has set aside some tokens as a community fund to say thank you to 
some of the people running unpaid services, who put in large amounts of time that the rest of the 
community don’t see, and the rest of us taking them for granted. This will be distributed to causes 
determined by HGF membership after the Token Sale. 
 
 
 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

26

REPORTING 

 
Project Plan 
HelloGold intends to produce a written update on each fortnight on progress towards the expansion 
goals outlined in the ‘Development Funds’, and announce when significant milestones are reached. 
This will be in the form of a blog on Medium, covering both technical and business issues.  
 
AUM reporting 
The key metric required to measure success is AUM held by HelloGold. As outlined in the Token Sale 
Information Sheet, it will be possible to view the amount of AUM held by HelloGold via multiple 
mechanisms, including the publication on HelloGold website showing anonymised customer 
balances and gold held in storage by HelloGold on behalf of customers. This information is 
automatically updated each day and can be found at https://www.hellogold.com/how-it-works/ 
(scroll down to Security). Once the smart contracts are live and the blockchain explorer in place 
(securely) this will enable further direct, real time verification. Additionally, HGF will publish 
supporting material each month to show the calculation behind endowment level and the GBT 
released that month. 
 
These updates (or links to the source) will be posted on the Token Sale channels listed below. 
 
 

FURTHER INFORMATION AND CONTACT DETAILS 

 
HGF/Token Sale channels 
HGF can be contacted directly via the following public channels relating to Token Sale: 
Slack channel   https://myhellogold.slack.com (Primary channel) 
Medium   https://www.medium.com/hellogold  
HelloGold Foundation  http://www.hellogold.org 
Email   Foundation@hellogold.org  
 
HelloGold product channels 
HelloGold company marketing channels can also be viewed via the following links: 
HelloGold website  https://www.hellogold.com/  
LinkedIn   https://www.linkedin.com/company/hellogold  
Facebook   https://www.facebook.com/myhellogold/  
Twitter    https://twitter.com/myhellogold  
Instagram   https://www.instagram.com/hellogold.my/  
YouTube  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnRFwb_BSJJQQiAifJJ_6dw/ 
 
Technology review 
Additionally, draft smart contracts can be reviewed here: 
https://github.com/myHelloGold/Foundation 
 
Android and iOS apps are available in the Play/App store respectively. Due to the KYC/AML take on 
process, the HelloGold app currently requires a Malaysian MyKad for identity verification and entry 
to use the app functionality. For non-Malaysians who would like to view a demo version of the app, 
an Android version can be https://www.hellogold.org/code-review.html including instructions on 
how to clear the verification steps. Please note that the demo app has test accounts only and include 
automated elements; no real cash/gold will be transacted. For iOS users, please use an Android 
simulator on your laptop to view this APK. 



HelloGold Foundation Limited. 
Private & Confidential.  

27

 
Third party verification - external article links 
http://thefinlab.com/#startups  
http://www.theedgemarkets.com/en/node/302083 
http://www.theedgemarkets.com/en/node/306225  
http://www.nst.com.my/news/2016/12/197925/shariah-standard-gold-great-leap-islamic-finance 
https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2016/12/93574-hellogold-worlds-first-shariah-compliant-gold-
fintech-platform/ 
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-islamic-finance-gold-idUSKBN1490VH 
http://www.theedgemarkets.com/article/aeon-credit-makes-foray-gold-product-financing 
 
 

[the remainder of this page is intentionally left blank] 


