

















































Humaniq Whitepaper

Alex Fork†

Abstract

The project of building a model of the next generation financial service
(Bank 4.0) for unbanked people. This Bank is based on Blockchain as
a platform for financial and technology start-ups. Biometric identifica-
tion instead of passports and signatures. ICO instead of shareholders.

†alex@humaniq.co, fb.com/fork.alex, linkedin.com/in/alexfork

1

mailto:alex@humaniq.co
https://www.facebook.com/fork.alex
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexfork


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

Contents

1 Mission 3

2 What makes Humaniq special? 4

3 Vision 7

4 Emission Model 8

5 The ICO 12
5.1 The key holders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

6 The Pre-ICO (survey) 13

7 Our development process 14

8 The timeline of Humaniq 16

9 Technical 17
9.1 Issues and responses to them . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
9.2 BioID: technology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
9.3 BioID: user experience . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
9.4 Mobile Wallet . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
9.5 Contracts on Ethereum blockchain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
9.6 Sending a transaction with Mobile Wallet . . . . . . . . . . . 22
9.7 Sending transactions without Mobile Wallet . . . . . . . . . . 22
9.8 Coins are integer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22

10 Conclusions 22

Page 2
humaniq.co

https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

1 Mission
“A small body of determined spirits

fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission
can alter the course of history.”

Mahatma Gandhi

Look at this map:

Figure 1: indeed, where they are?..

You may notice: there are unbanked regions on Earth. As a matter of
fact, nearly 2.5 billion people live in regions where no banking infrastructure
exist. The only form of payment available in those regions is manually giving
banknotes (and/or coins) to a counterparty.

Which makes it worse, even in «banked» regions there are millions of
people without passports or any other documentation, thus being cut off
from modern banking facilities. According to recent World Bank estimate,
by 2016 the total number of people who did not have their identity documents
amounted 1.5 billion.

We are about to provide the financial infrastructure for everyone. Well,
for everyone who has a smartphone with camera. The smartphone is neces-
sary to make and receive payments, and the camera is needed to earn the first
coins. The cheapest smartphone price falls down every year and is nowadays
around $10-20.

Page 3
humaniq.co

http://pubdocs.worldbank.org/en/21571460567481655/April-2016-ID4D-Strategic-RoadmapID4D.pdf
https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

Figure 2: 2.5 billion adults are unbanked

To put it in three words, Humaniq is banking for unbanked.
Our ultimate goals are:

ä to integrate 2.5 billion people disconnected from the international busi-
ness community,

ä to involve half of the population to cryptoeconomy.

2 What makes Humaniq special?
“The biggest room in the world is the room

for improvement.”
Helmut Schmidt

It is natural to ask why the problem of banking for unbanked cannot be
solved by Bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency. Well, indeed, what makes
Humaniq special? Did you guys make another coin whose main feature is
mobile wallet app?

Page 4
humaniq.co

http://www.mckinsey.com/industries/financial-services/our-insights/counting-the-worlds-unbanked
https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

At the first glance, it looks like any Bitcoin mobile wallet can be used in
unbanked regions. But if you think deeper about this, you will discover the
following issues:

8 The problem: the number of satoshis in circulation (or any other
smallest units of crypto) is insufficient for some regions. E.g., in In-
donesia (250 million people), there’s just not enough digital currency
to have substantial daily turnover (volume). Bitcoin is scarce, and
not having bitcoins, you are not so interested in network. For regions
poorly integrated to the international financial system, it would take
a lot of time for sufficient liquidity to appear in the local market. But
there’s no doubt that such regions have their own domestic economy
today.

4 Our solution: unlike other cryptocurrencies, Humaniq provides egal-
itarian emission mechanism. The amount of coins that one person can
mint is limited, and that is what makes Humaniq so special. This
mechanism has nothing to do with competing in specialized hardware,
having access to specialized hardware, wasting the electricity or own-
ing the coins preliminarily. It may be called proof-of-face, and nothing
is more fair than that.

8 The problem: the lack of local exchanges. Even now in 2017, there
are lots of countries where no infrastructure to buy or sell a cryptocur-
rency exist. This is the issue even for some european countries, which
have no problems with Internet adoption and virtually the entire pop-
ulation of which is using smartphones. We’d like to stress that it is
more than 8 years since the first cryptocurrency launch, and more than
7 years since the first cryptocurrency exchange ever appeared.

4 Our solution: since our platform provides infrastructure to earn
working at home, and since people earn in Humaniq coins, we un-
derstand that people would eventually like to buy local currency for
them. Of course, we provide such infrastructure in our app. (And still,
we are in talks with some local retail stores, engaging them to add
Humaniq as their payment option.)

8 The problem: some states are concerned with pseudo-anonymity of
cryptocurrencies, which causes recurring legal issues associated with
them.

Page 5
humaniq.co

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1te92j/indonesia_opens_exchange_bitcoincoid/
https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

4 Our solution: since app users have to pass bioidentification, there is
no anonymity in Humaniq. That is good news for any security ser-
vice, and that makes Humaniq inappropriate for financing terrorism,
trading drugs and all other deadly sins Bitcoin is accused of. Another
point is, Humaniq provides the ability to earn working for the coun-
tries abroad. This enables export-driven economy in depressed regions,
this improves living standards of despressed regions, and this reduces
migration, which is great for any government both in developed and in
developing countries.

8 The problem: the network effect of Bitcoin (and other cryptocurren-
cies) is relatively small because of relative usage complexity. Accord-
ing to the report of Juniper Research, the number of Bitcoin active
users around the world could reach 4.7 million people by the end of
2019. And even now the network has reached the capacity limit of 250
thousand transactions. Eight years of Bitcoin era have passed; talking
about PayPal, after 8 years of its existence it had 100 million active
accounts, despite the fact that it has appeared in a less developed
infrastructure and requires passport details for use.

4 Our solution: we discarded the private and public key approach,
which confuses newcomers; we also had to reject from using fractional
amounts of coins, since decimal fractions may be uneasy for poorly
educated. Coins are integer, face is the key — come and tell us what
can be simpler.

8 The problem: complexity of reputation accounting in anonymous
communities, needed for various p2p-solutions (p2p-insurance, p2p-
banking).

4 Our solution: we handle this problem by our bioidentification pro-
cedure. By the beginning of 2017, elegant solutions for biometric au-
thentication already exist; if we take a combination of authentication
methods, it increases the likelihood of a near hundred-percent authen-
tication.1 Our approach is to use one random authentication method
each time. Every authentication takes no more than two seconds and
is as easy as unblocking a smartphone.

1It is worth noting that the use of hardware solutions, for example, a fingerprint scan-
ner, allows signal counterfeiting at hardware level.

Page 6
humaniq.co

https://www.juniperresearch.com/document-library/white-papers/will-bitcoins-bite-back
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PayPal
mailto:info@humaniq.co
https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

8 The problem: the lack of crypto evangelists in depressed regions,
which causes people’s unawareness of innovative payment systems.

4 Our solution: the reasons why people don’t promote cryptocurren-
cies in depressed regions are understandable: technical complexity of
the subject, language difficulties, no financial incentive etc. But we
targeted our project directly at such regions. Working on it, we have
studied nearly everything about the current state of developing coun-
tries. We talked to ∼100 prominent bitcoiners who live in such devel-
oping countries as Sierra Leone, Afghanistan, Botswana, Pakistan and
Indonesia. Dozens of them decided to enter our Humaniq Ambassador
Program: they teach people about how to use Humaniq and earn for
that.

This is why Bitcoin or any other crypto isn’t used in unbanked regions.
And won’t be used. The currency of unbanked regions (the dark ones on
Figure 1) is called Humaniq.

3 Vision
“Visions are worth fighting for. Why spend

your life making someone else’s dreams?”
Tim Burton

In Humaniq, the amount of coins that one person can mint is limited,
and that is what makes Humaniq truly special.

This may sound really strange for an experienced crypto community
member. How did we achieve this?

With the help of bioidentification. Our bioidentification has to be passed
only once, takes less than 20 seconds and does not require to have any e-mail
or passport. And modern face recognition algorithms for neural networks can
check one’s identity with incredible accuracy.

Briefly, bioidentification is obligatory to create a wallet; every user is
given coins for passing bioidentification; the process consists of taking series
of a user’s photos, recording videos of user making facial gestures, recording
user’s speech. For details, move to subsection 9.3.

To prevent coin thefts, every time a user signs in into the app, he or she
must pass the authentication procedure. The authentication is similar to
bioidentification, but much shorter: the user has to repeat just one of the

Page 7
humaniq.co

https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

recorded gestures in the front of the camera. It is as easy as unblocking a
smartphone.

The software we have developed works with the cheapest hardware so-
lutions on Android 5.0: with smartphones that cost $10-15. Such cheap
devices are usually fitted with a front-facing camera and microphone, and
thus are sufficient to install a mobile wallet and to authenticate the user.

After passing the bioidentification, everyone is invited to earn additional
coins by inviting friends and making transactions. Moreover, we enable for
everyone the possibility to earn for living with their mobile phones, and that’s
what is truly impressive.

You may ask — how? Well, we work with local companies and brands to
achieve this. Our cherished will is to make Humaniq the de-facto currency
of depressed regions. Two billion unemployed poor people, cheap working
force working remotely and online, two billion users improving capitalization
of popular services by getting used to them — isn’t that what brands were
dreaming of? Isn’t that what for does Facebook do its internet.org?

Our user may purchase a smartphone and, after the purchase, cover his
or her expenses within several weeks, executing simple actions.

4 Emission Model
“Cryptoeconomic system may contain its own
currency and token system which would be use-
ful in any sense in some system aspect. Units
of currency can be generated by the system and
then sold or distributed directly as award for
participation in system operation.”

Vitalik Buterin

We feel honoured to repeat it once more: Humaniq provides egalitarian
emission mechanism. The amount of coins that one person can mint
is limited , and that is what makes Humaniq so special.

This mechanism has nothing to do with competing in specialized hard-
ware, having access to specialized hardware, wasting the electricity or owning
the coins preliminarily. It may be called proof-of-face, as we’ve mentioned,
and there’s nothing more fair than that.

In this section, we are about to present the details of the emission model
we chose. Developing it, we pursued the following objectives:

1) The early adopters should receive more money than the late ones.

Page 8
humaniq.co

https://info.internet.org/en/
https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

2) The total amount of coins that will ever be issued must be 5 times
bigger than the amount of coins issued via Pre-ICO + ICO.

3) Emission proceeds until kmax people are registered. kmax should be
relatively big.

4) In average, one user is granted with 500 coins.

5) Tokens are issued by the smart contract upon request.

6) Emission per one person is carried out not by one-time payment2,
but in accordance with a «scoring function» which depends on the
person’s activity: passing through bioidentification, inviting friends,
making transactions.

Let E(k) be the amount of HMQ coins that may be granted to the
person who was k-th to pass the bioidentification in the Humaniq app (the
user number k). The objective number 1 tells that the function E(k)
should be decreasing one. We chose the simplest decreasing function — the
linear one:

E(k) = Emax −
Emax − Emin

kmax
· k

Thus, at k = 0 E(k) = Emax, and at k = kmax the correspondence E(k) =
Emin holds. We chose Emax equal to 860, and Emin equal to 140. Finally for
the maximal possible amount for the k-th video registrant

E(k) = round

(
860− 720

kmax
· k
)

(4.1)

Let us draw a graph showing the controlled supply of coins:

2We think that it is fair to issue coins stepwise depending on the everyday involvement
of a user. We wish to avoid the mistake of some altcoins, which made their rewards one-
time payments and which suffered from users not having incentives to use the platform
on a regular basis.

Page 9
humaniq.co

https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

k

E(k)

kmax

860

100

0

140

Figure 3: The distribution of Humaniq coins. Red line represents the maxi-
mal possible amount of coins a user can be granted with respect to the scoring
function. Blue line represents the number of coins that user is granted if his
or her only action is passing bioidentification.

Denote the total amount of coins sold via Pre-ICO + ICO by Vico. Ac-
cording to the objective number 2, only 4Vico coins will be earned by
users of the Humaniq app. Thus, the maximal possible amount of Humaniq
coins is limited by 5Vico.

The objective number 4 states that the total average number of coins
that a user can mint in-app must be close to 500, thus giving

500 ≈
kmax∑
k=1

E(k)

kmax
=

1

kmax

kmax∑
k=1

E(k) =
1

kmax
· (4Vico),

kmax = round

(
Vico
125

)
(4.2)

immediately follows. This provides the restriction upon the total amount of
people who can mint the tokens in-app.3 We use the conventional rounding
function to guarantee that kmax is integer.

3The Pre-ICO has passed, and some conclusions may be already done. Exactly
31824818 HMQ tokens were generated; thus, even before the start of the ICO, the in-
equality Vico > 31 · 106 holds, and, due to (4.2), kmax > 248000.

Page 10
humaniq.co

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rounding
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rounding
https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

The scoring function mentioned in objective number 5 describes how
can people earn their E(k) coins in the Humaniq app. It is structured as
follows:

(denoting the HMQ/USD exchange rate by r, so that 15r becomes the
Humaniq equivalent of $15)

• mobile app installation — min(round(0.01 · c1 · E(k)); 15r) HMQ

• receiving first coins from a friend — min(round(0.04 · c2 · E(k)); 15r)
HMQ (one-time payment)

• passing the bioidentification — min(round(0.15 · c3 ·E(k)); 15r) HMQ
(one-time payment)

• a referred friend passed bioidentification4 —
min(round(0.1 · c4 ·E(k)); 15r) HMQ (for every 5 first friends invited)

• execution of a transaction within first month after installation —
min(round(0.05 · c5 · E(k)); 15r) HMQ (one-time payment)

• execution of a transaction within second month after installation —
min(round(0.1 · c6 · E(k)); 15r) HMQ (one-time payment)

• execution of a transaction within the third month —
min(round(0.15 · c7 · E(k)); 15r) HMQ (one-time payment)

• additional earning opportunities are provided by local and global start-
ups and senior companies.

For moments when exchange rate HMQ/USD diminishes, the emission
can be delayed. The exchange rate is treated diminished, if

current rate < average rate for the last week.

By the start, every coefficient in the tuple (c1, c2, c3, c4, c5, c6, c7) is set
to 1, but after some time these coefficients are going to become mutable.
For the first period of their mutability, the control over these coefficients
will be community-driven, but eventually this control will be forwarded to
a neural network, whose goal will be to maximize several reasonable metrics
(the installations’ rate of growth, transactions’ number rate of growth).

4Humaniq balances cannot be fractional. You are invited to guess why, and then check
your guess in the subsection 9.8.

Page 11
humaniq.co

https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

Thus, the amount of HMQ that can be granted to a user is E(k), where
k is the number of users who passed the identification before him or her.
The formula (4.1) can be used to calculate the potential benefit.

The earning opportunities aren’t limited by this. Start-ups and senior
companies pay additional amounts of HMQ to people executing their tasks.
The list of tasks available at you region can be found in the tab «Offers».
Our ultimate dream is that everyone could purchase the smartphone, install
the Humaniq app and then cover his or her expenses by the same day, exe-
cuting simple actions.5 That is why we tether our emission to the Humaniq
equivalent of $15.

5 The ICO
“Just as treasures are uncovered from the

earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and
wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind.
To walk safely through the maze of human life,
one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance
of virtue.”

Buddha

Despite we have enough money to develop the project on our own, we
think it is fair to allow everyone to invest in the project. To make the
procedure egalitarian, we chose crowdsale instead of venture investments.
Moreover, crowdsale is a much better way to attract media attention.

Our crowdsale has two stages — the Pre-ICO and the ICO. The Pre-ICO
took place since 15 Dec 2016 till 28 Dec 2016.

The ICO starts by 28 Feb 2017, CET 12:00 and
ends by 08 Apr 2017, CET 12:00.

To buy Humaniq, the only payment options during the ICO are Bitcoin
(BTC) and Ethereum (ETH). During the ICO, the rates are as follows:

1 ETH buys 1000 HMQ (+ bonuses)
for BTC-buyers: your BTC counts as the

equivalent amount of ETH6
5The price of cheapest smartphone able to perform mobile wallet functions and fitted

with front-facing camera falls down every year and is now about $10-20.
6with respect to the BTC/ETH exchange rate at the moment of purchase

Page 12
humaniq.co

https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

We also offer the following bonuses for those who invest earlier:

First 24 hours + 49.9%
First week + 33%
Second week + 20%
Third week + 14%
Fourth week + 7%

Later + 0%

Since all Humaniq balances are integer and fractional amounts of coins
are not possible (see subsection «Coins are integer» for the reasoning), all the
HMQ received by valid participants of the ICO will be rounded down, and
all the remainders will be stored in Reward Pool. When ICO is finished, one
lucky guy will acquire all the remainder HMQ accumulated in the Reward
Pool. To cancel out the incentive of creating multiple Humaniq wallets, the
probability of winning is made proportional to the number of Humaniq coins
acquired. This draw will take place by 10 Apr 2017, 12:00 CET; the details
will appear on the Humaniq website soon.

Participating in the ICO doesn’t require passing bioidentification.

5.1 The key holders

Our fundkeepers are:

Alex Fork
Richard Kastelein
Alakanani Itireleng
George Basiladze

Bitcointalk user btcsec

6 The Pre-ICO (survey)

The purpose of Pre-ICO was to create discussion on issues raised by the
project, to attract attention of leading experts in the industry and to raise
funds to prepare decent coverage of the project, as well as prepare a quality
ICO.

We chose the following rates for the Pre-ICO stage:

Page 13
humaniq.co

https://www.facebook.com/fork.alex
https://www.linkedin.com/in/expathos
https://twitter.com/bitcoinlady
https://www.linkedin.com/in/georgebasiladze
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=36935
https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

1 ETH buys 1500 HMQ (+ bonuses)
for BTC-buyers: for the whole Pre-ICO campaign,

we treated every your bitcoin as 93.5 ETH

We announced that if the amount collected is less than 10000 ETH,
all funds will be returned. Fortunately, we collected7 99.002855 BTC and
3122.362977 ETH, which amounted more than the announced threshold.

The following bonuses were available during the Pre-ICO stage:

First 12 hours + 70%
16th of Dec + 50%

17-19th of Dec + 33%
20-22nd of Dec + 20%
23-25th of Dec + 7%
26-28th of Dec + 0%

We are delighted to inform you that 31824818 HMQ tokens are already
distributed during the Pre-ICO (in complete accordance with these bonuses),
and we look forward to our upcoming ICO, which will provide the answer
on the final quantity of tokens that can ever be generated Vico and thus
determine the constant kmax from (4.2).

All rewards and bounties were distributed within one week after the end
of Pre-ICO, just as it was claimed.

7 Our development process
“Success or failure of a team is determined by
how its members communicate and interact.”

Ichak Adizes

Future Fintech keeps in contact with more than 200 fintech start-ups.
One of the challenges of most projects is access to the customer base. This
is why the implementation of our solution will help young projects (P2P
lending, insurance, mobile wallets, scoring, freelance, etc.) offer their ideas
to people who have no experience in the financial sector. Therefore, the
project is developed as follows. The main development team develops the

7To stress his personal responsibility for the pre-ICO, our founder Alex Fork decided
to use the bitcoin wallet he uses since 2013. To make accounting easier, right before the
start all the bitcoins were drained away from there, making the balance zero.

Page 14
humaniq.co

https://blockchain.info/address/1JwkMP7eoqjg5rEG3vGuub8h5k3orPkpTf
https://etherscan.io/address/0xa2c9a7578e2172F32a36c5c0e49d64776F9E7883
https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

core. Others join later and develop their start-ups or solutions on a ready-
made platform. We use Github to arrange their interaction.

We get suggestions and ideas from ordinary users — from the Commu-
nity. We always keep in touch with them via Humaniq app, as well as on
Bitcointalk and on our brand blog on Medium. Users also join us via our
Slack channel, read the latest news on Facebook and Twitter, and participate
in discussions on our subreddit.

Figure 4: join us to see how we work

Close interaction with users and testing an idea or a prototype on poten-
tial consumers allows to make the right decisions and save resources. This is
why the Customer Development greatly reduces the investors’ risks. After
all, theory often differs from practice, and developers’ opinion on ergonomics
and ease of use may differ from the perceptions of the product end users.
Users often have their own understanding of a set of «must have» functions,
and ignorance of their real needs can lead to the failure of the entire start-up.

As such, our Analysts and Trend Watchers, together with the developers,
are considering every wish received from Users, Community. Some ideas
greatly improve the product and assign it a novelty. At the same time, the
development of one option can take an hour or two, while the implementation
of the other will take a few days.

Therefore, Analysts and Trend Watchers also evaluate the feasibility of
each wish and explore market trends. The developers, in their turn, integrate

Page 15
humaniq.co

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1711764.0
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1711764.0
https://medium.com/@humaniq
https://humaniq-slack.herokuapp.com/
https://humaniq-slack.herokuapp.com/
https://www.facebook.com/humaniq.co/
https://twitter.com/humaniq_co
https://www.reddit.com/user/Humaniq_ICO
https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

them properly.
At the same time, budget and deadlines must be met. Therefore, some

ideas are rejected for one reason or another, while others form the list of
tasks for the Trello team of developers.

Thanks to this, Analysts, Trend Watchers, investors, users, project man-
agers and programmers themselves are always aware of the current devel-
opment stage of a project. Any interested user and even a developer can
connect to it from various sides and get a respective reward:

• participate in beta testing;

• voice their ideas for improving the product in the Community;

• develop their start-up;

• become an Analyst or a Trend Watcher.

As you can see, our project development scheme allows and supports ac-
tive participation of users. Customer Development allows to create a product
that meets their needs and wishes, which eventually ensures its success.

8 The timeline of Humaniq
“The best way to predict the future is to

create it.”
Peter Drucker

The milestones on this road are:

• 2016, October-November — Humaniq Whitebook is written

• 2016, December — Launch of Humaniq.co website.

• 2016, December — the pre-ICO.

• 2017, January-February — smart contract development, due diligence,
marketing campaign

• 2017, February — a meeting with Humaniq project partners in India.

• 2017, February — announcing Humaniq online-hackathon in partner-
ship with (yet undisclosed) well-known blockchain media

Page 16
humaniq.co

https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0Bx9NMFEyDPH7X3JGUFFjY09OM3c
https://humaniq.co/
https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

• 2017, February — the start of the ICO (crowdsale).

• 2017, April — headlining the BlockShow Europe 2017, giving talks
on panel discussions, concluding results of the hackathon and giving
awards to winners

• 2017, April — crowdsale concludes.

• 2017, May — prototype of Android mobile app.

• 2017, July — Product launch: the mobile app (wallet with bioID)
+ exchange app.

• 2017, September — global expansion in two directions: to underdevel-
oped regions (expansion of the network of users in Africa, Asia, South
America) and to the cities that are crucial to modern business (London,
Singapore, Hong Kong and San Francisco).

• 2018 — integration of virtual cards, of fintech start-ups, and further
decentralization of Humaniq architecture.

9 Technical
“Architecture is inhabited sculpture.”

Constantin Brancusi

From the technical point of view, to implement the idea, the following
ingredients are required:

1) mobile app, which is what users see. We’re talking about Android app,
since in depressed regions market share of Android OS is close to 95%.
Making iOS App is less important in our case, but for the sake of
perfection we actively develop it.

2) appropriate bioidentification/authentication software

3) such software essentially produces a «chunk» of every person’s identity;
these chunks are used for identification/authentication and must be
stored somewhere in decentralized manner

4) these chunks must be encrypted

Page 17
humaniq.co

http://events.cointelegraph.com/
https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

5) identification procedure must cost zero for end users (at least for the first
time)

6) authentication procedure must cost zero for end users (at least for the
first time)

7) secure consensus algorithm (e.g. robust blockchain)

8) transactions should cost zero for senders if possible.

To satisfy the first and second conditions, it is enough to build the apps,
and to buy license of the best available bioID solution. Chapter 9.2 is devoted
entirely to how we made our choice of the solution.

To satisfy third condition, we should allow every PC to become Humaniq
node. On encryption (fourth condition), our approach is similar to Storj and
(announced by Ethereum) Swarm’s one.

To meet the fifth condition, it is enough to specify in the protocol that
nodes have to add «chunks» of a new person to their database, keep their
databases synchronized, and are not paid for that. It’s exactly like in Bit-
coin: full nodes keep on their hard drives the ledger of all transactions ever
happened without any financial incentive.

The sixth condition resolves like the previous one: people verify and
broadcast identities of authenticating users for free. Again, exactly like in
Bitcoin: peers verify and broadcast new blocks and transactions, and nobody
gets paid for that.

Speaking on condition eight, for the first few months of network existence
transaction fees will be zero. However, we understand . We want to decen-
tralized the project architecture and to make in non-dependent on founders,
giving everyone the possibility to run a Humaniq node.

We are using Ethereum for the project and ICO campaign because this
platform allows creating a secure solution quickly, with few resources, with-
out loss of quality, and in some cases even at an excellent level, thanks to:

• Smart contracts (we plan to conduct the audit of our smart contracts);

• Reliability of a ready and operating Blockchain, in contrast to the risks
associated with deploying own Blockchain;

• Future development of Ethereum project and stated opportunities.

The only tough issue is the centralization. Humaniq has several compo-
nents: software part, neural network and database. In the future, all these
components are to be decentralized.

Page 18
humaniq.co

https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

Figure 5: The inner structure of the Humaniq platform

9.1 Issues and responses to them

Humaniq is based on blockchain technology. Major component — trans-
action settlement will be done on Ethereum blockchain using Standard Token
(ERC20) contract. New tokens are emitted for every authenticated user and
the rules of emission are controlled by «Emission smart contract». Humaniq
servers are responsible for authorization of users on the blockchain via Bio-
metric ID services as well as approving additional token emission. Users will
only interact with Mobile Wallet for their smartphones.

Scrupulous readers may say that this system has a number of centralized
places carrying risks. But there are answers to this:

1. Each user can use the Ethereum client wallet without using additional

Page 19
humaniq.co

https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

services.

2. It should be admitted that Bitcoin protocol add-on services are used
by an overwhelming majority of Bitcoin users; and this is the normal
operation of a payment system, and our operation will be based on the
same principles. And since security issues are undertaken by Ethereum,
this allows us to focus on the client-oriented decentralized business
model.

3. With reference to bioidentification and mobile wallet, we will move
towards open source and hereafter decentralization.

4. Besides the above-mentioned, the service development strategy is a
decentralized business model, i.e. stimulating creation of several mo-
bile wallets by third-party teams, chat bots, exchange services, service
rendering.

5. Today there is no technological opportunity to put bioidentification
into blockchain, however if there is a possibility to help people now,
and to develop ecosystem of cryptoeconomics — it should be done.

There are three key components of Humaniq:

• The app (which is essentially also the mobile wallet)

• Humaniq servers

• Contracts on Ethereum Blockchain

9.2 BioID: technology

We understand that biometry is not finance, and we’re not great special-
ists in it. As a consequence, we possess talks with various mature companies,
whose specialization is computer vision and/or image recognition.

Hence, to execute biodentification, we are going to invite a solution
provider, when we are ready to make the choice. We have not signed yet any
formal agreements, and, due to high responsibility of this step, we do not
hurry. We plan to announce which service provider we chose and to provide
corresponding formal agreements during the crowdsale.

Page 20
humaniq.co

https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

9.3 BioID: user experience

During the first launch of the Humaniq app, one must pass through
bioidentification procedure8. Otherwise, Humaniq interface just won’t show
up.

This bioidentification is arranged as follows. A registrant is required
to make a photo of him or her by the smartphone, to record a video of
smiling and grimming, and to pronounce the text shown on the screen. To
avoid counterfeits, the device ID is added and random character generator is
pronounced by a person when recording; it eliminates the ability to use pre-
prepared audio tracks. All the instructions are shown on the mobile phone
screen, so of course no pre-requisite knowledge are needed to use the app,
nothing is needed to know about the app in advance. You may download
the app from Google Play and try it yourself.

This authentication method takes less than five seconds and requires no
e-mail, SMS, passport, and you shall not worry about losing or forgetting
your password. This is the real proof of identity.

9.4 Mobile Wallet

Mobile Wallet is an interface for mobile (iOS, Android) users that pro-
vides them with quick access to their balances and lets them transact with
other users/merchants.

Mobile Wallet manages private and public keys for the user, which are
used to sign transactions locally.

It also has a built-in module for collecting biometric user data, such
as voice and video, which can be used to bind user with his identity and
provide them with additional features of the platform, such as activity- or
action-based emission.

Mobile Wallet also includes an API for third-party developers so they
can interact with Wallet: access balances, send transactions.

9.5 Contracts on Ethereum blockchain

There are two contracts that are already deployed on the blockchain.
First one is Standard Token Contract (ERC20) contract that keeps track of
user balances and allows them to transfer tokens between each other. Second
one is responsible for token emission. However, we understand that with the

8Fortunately, a frontal camera and a microphone are now built in all devices.

Page 21
humaniq.co

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

decentralization proceedings we will be involved in development of ample
and branchy net of contracts; follow our Github to stay keen on updates.

9.6 Sending a transaction with Mobile Wallet

1. Transaction is generated on the smartphone and then signed using local
private key.

2. Signed transaction data is submitted to Humaniq servers.

3. Transaction is being relayed to the Ethereum blockchain to the Hu-
maniq Token Smart Contract.

9.7 Sending transactions without Mobile Wallet

1. If the user already has Humaniq tokens they might transact directly
using Token smart contract bypassing Humaniq servers.

2. After signing the transaction user might send it directly to Ethereum
blockchain.

3. This brings an advantage of control over the transaction publication
and propagation (because there might be a delay due to high load on
the Humaniq servers).

9.8 Coins are integer

Any Humaniq balance cannot be fractional. It can only be integer. We’re
targeted at providing poor-educated people with modern finance, and we
don’t expect all of our users to be great at fraction calculus. The integer
amount of coins makes it easier for poor-educated people to count their
money.

10 Conclusions

Humaniq is built to create the financial infrastructure for people who
were isolated from it previously. We use the most advanced and mass tech-
nologies: the Blockchain with the possibility to connect third-party projects,
the mobile application, and bioidentification. We wish to say more on how
will Humaniq benefit to cryptoeconomics, to well-being of developing coun-
tries, and to the European economy.

Page 22
humaniq.co

https://github.com/humaniq/
https://humaniq.co/


Humaniq Whitepaper Banking for Unbanked

For cryptoeconomy:

• expanding the amount of cryptoeconomy users will result in a positive
development in this industry

• original inherently friendly and open source architecture of Bank 4.0
will help start-ups to get instant access to customers around the world
and obtain financial support from the Humaniq project

• bioidentification will allow testing reputation systems and personalized
interaction programs, including charity.

For developing countries:

• Poverty level reduction.

• Remote work and economic growth: greater opportunities for savings
will increase lending capacity of the population; collection of customer
financial data will reduce lending risks.

• Innovations and infrastructure: electronic finances will allow creating
new business models and products.

• Reduction in class inequality: financial services will provide a great
advantage for very poor people.

• Establishing gender equality: engaging the female population in the
electronic finance system will raise incomes of health care and edu-
cation systems; a barrier for women in financial account registration
will dissolve, and women will have more control over their funds and
business.

• Improving the quality of education through remote access and payment
capabilities.

For the EU:

• Improving the welfare of depressed regions will reduce the negative
migration impact on advanced economies. This is especially relevant
for the EU countries.

We provide people from depressed regions with the opportunity to do
what they would like, but still can not. Thus, everyone would be able to
create their own destiny.

Page 23
humaniq.co

https://humaniq.co/

	Mission
	What makes Humaniq special?
	Vision
	Emission Model
	The ICO
	The key holders

	The Pre-ICO (survey)
	Our development process
	The timeline of Humaniq
	Technical
	Issues and responses to them
	BioID: technology
	BioID: user experience
	Mobile Wallet
	Contracts on Ethereum blockchain
	Sending a transaction with Mobile Wallet
	Sending transactions without Mobile Wallet
	Coins are integer

	Conclusions

