








































Microsoft Word - JOYSO Whitepaper v1.20.docx


 

JOYSO WHITEPAPER 
Hybrid Decentralized Token Exchange 

 

 
 

 

 

 

2018.4.13 V1.20 draft 

  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

2 

 

Modified Log 
Item Original  Modified Page Item 
1 ICO event commences 

about March 1, 2018 08:00 
(UTC+0) 
ICO ends about March 21, 
2018 08:00 (UTC+0) 

ICO event commences 
about March 1, 2018 08:00 
(UTC+0) 
ICO ends about March 22, 
2018 08:00 (UTC+0) 

P.35 V1.17 

2.   Add 2 advisors 
Bret Treasure and Ben 
Hsieh 

P.32 V1.17 

3.  Add a partner 
NTT Data 

P.33 V1.17 

4.   Add: 
JOY token repurchasing 
and reward plan 

p.23 V1.18 

5.  Update: 
Once 100 million tokens are 
burned, we will reward ETH 
to all investors that are 
holding more than 1000 
JOY. 

Update: 
Once 100 million tokens are 
burned, we will reward ETH 
to all investors that are 
holding more than specific 
ratio of JOY.  

P.23 V1.19 

6.  Update: 
The token holder will have 
the right to vote on various 
governance and operational 
issues raised by JOYSO. 
This may include voting on 
which tokens are listed on 
the exchange. 

Update: 
Token holders will have the 
right to participate in various 
campaign activities hosted 
by JOYSO. This may 
include discussions 
regarding which tokens 
shall be listed on the 
exchange. 

P.11 V1.20 

7. Delete: 
Once 100 million tokens are 
burned, we will reward ETH 
to all investors that are 
holding more than specific 
ratio of JOY. The total 
reward will equal to 20% of 
the trading fees minus 
operating expense during 
that quarter.   

 P.23 V1.20 

  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

3 

Contents 
 

Executive Summary 4	

CEX, DEX and HEX 6	

JOYSO architecture 8	

JOY Token 8	

The ICO market 12	

Security issues 13	

Governance 17	

Code quality and testing 17	

Competition 19	

Business model 23	

Marketing plan 25	

Team 28	

Roadmap 35	

Token sale 36	

Application of funds 37	
THANK YOU 38	

 

  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

4 

Executive Summary 

JOYSO suggests a hybrid design for token trading, combining the advantages of a 

centralized exchange - fast and fully-featured - with the advantages of a decentralized 

exchange - improved security and privacy. 

This hybrid exchange  (HEX), able to handle all ERC20-compatible tokens, eliminates the 

need to trust a central exchange with your private key or personal information, reducing 

to a historical minimum any opportunities for hacking. It takes order placement and 

order matching off-chain, substantially improving the user experience compared to 

decentralized exchanges.     In brief, the benefits and innovations of the JOYSO model 

are these:   

l All orders are limit orders, giving users the best possible price. 

l Smart matching is done off-chain, providing fast processing and one-to-many 

matches. 

l Smart matching eliminates security issues like front-running and makes 

arbitrage by the exchange transparent. 

l One-to-many matches merge multiple orders into one transaction, so gas fees 

are substantially lower than in first generation decentralized exchanges. 

l The exchange cannot alter the balance in a user’s account, and has no access to 

the user’s assets. 

l Users do not need to log on to a website; they just sign the bid or ask using their 

own wallet and send ether directly to the smart contract. 

l Users have the ability to cancel transactions up until they are matched and can 

even lock the smart contract themselves. 

l Completed trades are published on the blockchain in a transparent, traceable 

way. 

Compared to its competition, JOYSO has a low cost structure and offers users lower 

transaction and settlement costs. 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

5 

The marketing strategy includes aggressive pricing (including free listing for ICOs) and 

professional, targeted digital marketing. The development team comprises eleven 

people and is based in Taiwan. It has deep connections with the Chinese-speaking Bitcoin 

and Ethereum communities. 

Wallet support currently exists for Metamask and Ledger Nano S.  The project is currently 

in alpha and a beta release is scheduled for June 2018. Proof of concept has been done 

on all principal functions and the team is ready to migrate the system to the Ethereum 

testnet. Margin trading and cross-exchange are part of the second phase launch. 

200 million JOY tokens will be issued in total; 100 million of them in an ICO event 

commencing March 1st, 2018.  

  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

6 

CEX, DEX and HEX 

Although efficient and fast, the centralized exchange(CEX) is intrinsically vulnerable to 

hacking, denial of service attacks and fraudulent management. Losses to investors and 

companies amount to around a billion U.S. dollars in 2017 alone. 

The risks of centrally controlled exchanges are not going away and movement towards 

the decentralization of trading is inexorable. 

However, prototype decentralized exchanges (DEX) have so far not delivered a 

satisfactory user experience, for three reasons. 

The feature set of DEX has not matched that of established CEX. For example, limit orders 

are generally not supported.   

Secondly, the blockchain is an inefficient architecture for the rapid, iterative processes 

required by a trading environment - cancellations, price queries, multiple bids and asks, 

etc. 

Blockchains independently verify and process every transaction in every distributed node 

of the network which causes slow processing times. That latency is not just an 

inconvenience, it introduces opportunities for market manipulation by miners, 

exchanges and traders. 

Thirdly, conducting all trading interactions on the blockchain is excessively expensive in 

terms of transaction fees. Every order, modification and cancellation incurs gas fees.  

For these reasons -  it’s clear to most informed observers that a hybrid solution is the way 

forward. 

An optimal HEX design would be a decentralized architecture in which users control 

funds and a centralized database that dynamically matches market transactions. Only 

when a deal is done and tokens are confirmed available, would the transaction be 

published on the blockchain. Users would not relinquish control of their assets and would 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

7 

have the benefit of a dynamic market where trades are processed sequentially, in near 

real-time.  

When trades are broadcast to the Ethereum blockchain they would be transparent and 

traceable, making market manipulation by the exchange much easier to detect than is 

the case with CEX. 

Rather than an on-chain order book, which is slow and incurs substantial gas fees, a HEX 

would centralize matching. Automated matching of orders is common in centralized 

exchanges but is not practical in an on-chain environment. 

The HEX would then be able to replicate the feature set of large centralized exchanges. 

For example, it would permit a single order to have multiple executions - multiple buy or 

sell orders in a single trade. The unfulfilled portion of an order would automatically be 

re-categorized as a new, smaller orde. In addition to the efficiency dividend, this would 

lessen the impact of exchanges and large ICOs on overall network performance.  

Due to its distributed nature, HEX does not require a customer to log in, supply any 

customer details or temporarily surrender title to a deposited sum of money. In a HEX, 

ownership passes directly to the purchaser. The exchange facilitates a transaction but has 

no title or access to the tokens being exchanged.  

Settlement can then be done on-chain with smart contracts that cannot be altered or 

interfered with. The smart contracts act as a verifiable, open source trust engine. 

This is the system that JOYSO has developed and is bringing to the Ethereum blockchain. 

  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

8 

JOYSO architecture 
 

 
JOYSO Architecture 

JOYSO is a hybrid architecture which combines the transaction speed of off-chain order 

matching (as used in a centralized design) with the privacy and security of smart contracts 

in a decentralized design. 

All JOYSO orders are limit orders; i.e. an order to buy or sell a stock at a specific price or 

better. 

There are three main processes: 

1. A trader sends instructions to JOYSO (deposit, order, cancel, etc) using a web interface 

and cryptographically signs it. They send tokens from their wallet directly to the smart 

contract.     



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

9 

2. The matching of orders is done off-chain by the JOYSO Order Match Engine    . One-

to-many matches ensures purchasers get the best price possible.      

Matching takes place on JOYSO servers and are visible on the browser in real time. Orders 

are processed on a first-in, first out basis and matched orders are broadcast in sequence 

on the Ethereum blockchain. The matching algorithm is not open source code, akin to 

centralized exchanges. However, if JOYSO were to manipulate the sequence of the 

broadcast in order to conduct arbitrage for its own benefit, the changed order would be 

visible on the web site, revealing the manipulation. 

3. The smart contract verifies the user signatures and publishes the transaction on the 

blockchain.  

Until the match is made, users have the ability to lock the smart contract and request a 

transaction cancellation. Later, they can withdraw funds directly if necessary. 

JOYSO Administration can’t modify the content of the smart contract once the 

transaction is published, so have no access to the user’s assets.     Since users have 

signed the transactions themselves, and the blockchain is an open ledger, all trades are 

transparent and traceable.  

No-one can alter the user’s balance in a JOYSO contract without the user’s signature. And 

the smart contracts, which are open source, can not publish a trade to the blockchain 

unless it contains the private key of the JOYSO Admin. 

The smart contact that sends the transaction acts as the ‘trust machine’, replacing the 

audit normally done by a centralized exchange with a transaction verifiable on etherscan 

and with open source code posted on Github..  

Here’s an example. 

Michael Maker wants to buy some Token X and wants to pay for them with Token Y. Tina 

Taker has some Token X she’s interested to sell. 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

10 

1. Michael does not have to set up an account. He creates an order, signs it with 

MetaMask or Ledger Nano S and sends it to JOYSO, depositing Y tokens into the JOYSO 

smart contract. Once the token asset is verified, the order is added to the database, 

waiting to be matched by the Order Match Engine.     As soon as the order is recorded, 

Michael is at liberty to make another, as all orders are processed sequentially. He could 

also place combined multiple buy/sell orders in a single order.   

2. Tina Taker sees the order on the exchange and wants to trade. She sends signed 

instructions to JOYSO through the web interface (she also does not need to register) and 

deposits tokens.    

3. When JOYSO receives her instructions, token assets are again verified, the two orders 

are matched, and both users are informed. The database is updated. 

4. Users don’t need to wait for the transactions to be confirmed; they can continue 

trading on JOYSO. 

5. JOYSO sends the matched transaction to the blockchain and both users wait for 

blockchain confirmation. The order is settled and tokens can be withdrawn. 

If Tina’s offer was for more Token X than Michael wanted to buy, the smart contract would 

automatically register a new order for the remaining amount of her ask in the Order 

Match Engine. 

 

Smart matching 

Compared to the one-to-one matching of orders used in most decentralized exchanges, 

users will prefer JOYSO smart matching. 

Tina has placed an order. She wants to sell her 100 Y tokens and seeks 10 X tokens in 

exchange. If there are matching orders in the system, she may not have to spend all of 

her 100 tokens. Smart matching will connect her with the best offer listed for 10 X tokens. 

In a one-to-one system she could be matched with any person wanting 100 Y tokens. 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

11 

If the JOYSO database contains no matching order, Tina’s sell order for 100 Y tokens 

automatically becomes an open buy order for 10 X tokens and has the possibility of 

earning over 100 Y tokens in a future trade. 

The smart contract enforces rules that deliver results as good or better than what the user 

has requested. 

 

JOY Token 

It is planned that 200 million JOY tokens will be generated and distributed as follows: 

50%  Crowdsale ICO 

25%  Private placement 

25%  JOYSO team 

Using the JOY token will entitle users to a 50% transaction fee discount. The discount 

does not apply to gas fees.  

Token holders will have the right to participate in various campaign activities hosted by 

JOYSO. This may include discussions regarding which tokens shall be listed on the 

exchange. 

Advertisers can also use the token to earn discounts. Other benefits for using JOY will be 

announced in time. 

See the Token Sale section for sale specifics. 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

12 

The ICO market 

Over $7B has been raised in the ICO process in the last nine months. At the time of writing 

each month sees another $1.3B raised, far ahead of the $300M a month attributed to 

angel and seed-stage venture capital. 

Ethereum transactions per day now exceed Bitcoin’s. Although scaling challenges remain, 

the demand for ICOs on the Ethereum blockchain will continue to be strong.  

During this period of intense growth in ICOs, startup companies face sharp hikes in listing 

costs. What used to cost 3 bitcoins now costs many times that. 

We have an opportunity to engage with and support the ICO market while also 

expanding JOYSO’s reach. Our plan is to list new ERC20 tokens without listing fees. 

Supporting new startups builds their liquidity, the liquidity of the exchange and our 

exposure to new traders. Attracting companies at this stage of their trading history is 

sensible, since post-ICO, tokens are available in most exchanges. 

Customers who have a smooth experience trading through JOYSO will become repeat 

customers, particularly in the present situation, where ICOs in general and decentralized 

exchanges in particular are delivering such poor user experiences.   

JOYSO can make this process very simple for ICOs. The applicant fills out a web form, 

JOYSO Admin validates the solitariness and when the token move restrictions are lifted, 

the tokens are unlocked, listed and tradable.  

Post-ICO, we will work towards supporting non-ERC20 tokens and cross-exchange 

trading. 

  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

13 

Security issues 

Decentralized and hybrid exchanges must rely on secure wallets to ensure safe digital 

signing of their clients’ instructions. Initially, JOYSO will support MetaMask and Ledger 

Nano S; two wallets used widely and well-regarded in the crypto community. 

Once the order is signed, it is sent to the Order Matching Engine. Then the JOYSO Admin 

will send the matched order to the smart contract, to verify the order and settle funds.  

 

 

Tamper Resistance 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

14 

Even if a hacker gained control of the JOYSO website, without the private key of the 

JOYSO Admin, the smart contract would not execute. The contract would detect an 

unverified admin account and the fraudulent transaction would fail. 

In the event of the JOYSO Admin account private key being stolen, control can be quickly 

regained with multi-signature authorizations. 

 
Disaster Recovery 

A user can cancel orders he has previously signed with the assistance of JOYSO 

Administration. If the problem was with the JOYSO server, the user could lock his account 

for a period of time, then withdraw funds directly from the smart contract without JOYSO 

administrative involvement. 

 

Security 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

15 

The balance of this section looks at the JOYSO architecture with respect to security 

threats. 

1. JOYSO token contract 

The token follows closely the ERC20 token standard and uses code based 

on  OpenZeppelin, with these amendments: 

A lock has been added to prevent malevolent token transfer. An unlock call is required 

from the contract owner to transfer the locked token. 

The owner will initially be set to JOYSOWallet during the distribution of pre-sale tokens. 

Then manually, with the multiSig wallet, the owner will be changed to the ICO contract.  

Now the tokens can only be distributed as specified in the contract’s code. Once the ICO 

has ended, the contract will call the unlock function to release the token to the user. 

The lock can only be set to unlock once; it cannot be reset to ‘lock’. No outside calls are 

permitted in the token contract, so the possibility of a reentrancy attack does not arise. 

The unlock function can be called by any user and is not derived from library code so 

additional testing is required. 

 

2. Crowdsale contract 

This is based on the OpenZeppelin crowdsale contract. 

A release function is able to unlock the JOY token contract. This function can be called by 

JOYSO Admin after the ICO has ended. If for some reason Administration does not trigger 

the release, the system allows for any other user to do so after a few days. 

The funds will be sent directly to JOYSOWallet, so no ether can be locked in the contract. 

The outside calls are (a) the unlock function and (b) transfer ether to JOYSOWallet. Both 

addresses are controlled by JOYSO, so again, no possibility of a reentrancy attack. 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

16 

 

3. JOYSO contract 

This is more complex than average contracts so we will have it independently audited 

until we are satisfied it is reliable. 

We also plan multiple scenario unit tests and function tests to give the broadest possible 

test coverage. 

JOYSO uses the library provided by OpenZeppelin; related libraries include SafeMath, 

Ownable, and ERC20 token contracts are used. 

Results generated by the Order Match Engine only update the balance status in the 

JOYSO contract. Only normal users are able to interact with the smart contract and 

signatures are required for any action. At present it is not possible to call a smart contract, 

so there’s no risk of a reentrancy attack. Further, we have limited the gas that external 

calls can use. An illegal execution would cause an ‘out of gas’ error that stops the 

transaction.    

Cancellations of orders can be seen on the blockchain. If a user can not see a cancellation 

or has reason for concern, they have the ability to withdraw funds without our permission. 

JOYSO is not vulnerable to front-running attacks by miners or traders because user gets 

the returned results in a second, as per the CEX experience. Even though JOYSO could 

theoretically front-run users by itself, users could detect that orders were not in 

sequence. 

4. Multi-sig wallet 

We use the wallet provided by the Gnosis team, unchanged. The contract is widely used 

by many well-known blockchain financial institutions including Bancor and has no 

dependencies on other libraries. For this reasons it can not be frozen in the way the Parity 

wallet was.     



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

17 

Governance 

Legally, we are constituted in Taiwan, where crypto-currency is regarded as a commodity, 

not money.  

We are aware of restrictions that apply to ICOs in certain countries and will prevent IP 

addresses there accessing those tokens in the exchange.  

We have no involvement with fiat currencies so do not envisage any governance 

complications in that regard. 

In terms of operational governance, much of this is handled by the JOYSO Aadmin 

account.  

l It sends the matched order automatically to the smart contract, confirming the 

transaction and settling the funds of each counterparty. 

l It broadcasts operational status changes; for example, the launch of a new 

function, the blockchain’s current traffic load, system maintenance 

requirements, etc. 

l It is the way we manage the deployment of new smart contracts, notifying users 

to withdraw funds and tokens from the old contract in a timely manner. 

Code quality and testing 

JOYSO use both behavior-driven development and test-driven development to ensure 

product security and a quality user experience. We use the Zeppelin Solidity framework 

to provide patterns for secure code that can be reused without duplication. 

Performance testing is currently underway for the Order Matching Engine and trading 

engine. Immediately after the ICO, we will migrate these and the smart contracts to the 

Ropsten Test Network so that we can prove all functions executable. 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

18 

We have done proof-of-concept on the testnet for deposits, withdrawals, order matching 

and order cancellations. Server-side is operational. We are currently testing the server 

and working on further reducing gas costs. 

There are two arms to our server security; internal server-side testing and auditing done 

in the bounty program (to commence after the ICO). Face-to-face user testing and 

independent auditing will be done before the application is migrated to the mainnet. 

  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

19 

Competition 

All exchanges are competition; decentralized or not. Centralized exchanges still 

dominate the market and will for some time. They have the advantage of incumbency, 

though history shows market share can change quickly. We believe the market will 

appreciate the benefits of a hybrid architecture when they see a trustworthy, focused 

solution. Below, we discuss the principal competitors in the decentralized and hybrid 

exchange market segments. 

 

EtherDelta 

EtherDelta describes itself as a decentralized exchange, though it is more accurate to say 

it’s a hybrid design. Transfers of money and trades are executed on the blockchain, in a 

trustless manner. But it operates a centralized order book with encrypted orders. It claims 

a million active trading accounts.     In September 2017 a number of EtherDelta users 

had their private keys stolen while using the EtherDelta site. In December 2017, hackers 

gained access to EtherDelta’s DNS server and were able to steal user’s money with a fake 

site. These episodes demonstrate that decentralisation does not guarantee security. 

Clients have been vocal on the subject of the site’s user experience. In January 2018 the 

company publicly apologized to users “for all the confusion and mistakes on our site”. 

 

0xProject 

0x has a similar structure to EtherDelta, though it’s more of a platform than an exchange. 

Like EtherDelta it decentralizes settlement and uses a centralized server to handle the 

order book. 0x wants to ‘franchise’ decentralized exchanges. It shares its centralized 

server with all participating exchanges in order to create a larger liquidity pool. In return 

for access to improved liquidity, participating exchanges conduct all trades using 0x’s 

ZRX tokens. In this way 0x increases the value of their own tokens. 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

20 

The lack of automated matching in 0x and EtherDelta gives rise to arbitrage, where orders 

are filled to the disadvantage of those who don’t cancel their orders quickly enough 

during market fluctuations. 

0x allows for two kinds of orders, broadcast orders and point-to-point orders. This 

introduces the near certainty that people will execute point-to-point orders to 

circumvent fees charged in broadcast orders. 

 

AirSwap 

AirSwap is a peer-to-peer exchange network. Unlike 0x, AirSwap does not charge fees. 

It’s a decentralized exchange that does not employ a centralized order book. One-to-one 

trades rather than the conventional system, where bids are regularly posted and 

cancelled. 

Traders use an off-chain Oracle (a software agent that communicates with the 

blockchain) to recommend pricing. Pricing is a critical element and it is far from clear that 

this method will match the performance of a centralized order book containing more 

price signals. 

Rather than a finished product, the authors view AirSwap as a protocol and two APIs that 

may develop into something interesting in time, though we cannot discern a business 

model at present.  

Because all aspects of the system are on-chain, questions remain about how quickly the 

exchange will run. 

 

Kyber Network 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

21 

Kyber is a DEX; it does not use a centralized order book and is entirely on-chain. It 

addresses the fees issue using smart contracts. Kyber holds reserves and ‘shops’ various 

other exchanges to get the best rate.     There is a substantial amount of development 

required to effect this, and success depends on other software which Kyber does not 

control. Its ability to attract reserves is key, and providing the reserves is only attractive if 

the user base is extensive. 

 

IDEX (Aurora Labs) 

This is a real-time HEX platform, with centralized matching and blockchain settlement. 

Traders can fill multiple orders at once and cancel orders without incurring gas costs 

however it does not have the sophisticated matching mechanisms that JOYSO employs. 

The back-end and smart contract architecture is quite different to JOYSO’s. Gas fees will 

be considerably lower for JOYSO users - one taker can match many makers in a single 

transaction. We have also successfully experimented with a new method that zips the 

input arguments of contract methods, further reducing the gas fee. 

IDEX is part of an ambitious project to develop a completely decentralized global 

banking network built around a stablecoin, an asset with price-stability characteristics. 

Though we think this idea is interesting, we note that no such coin has yet proved 

successful, and many have been attempted. 

 

The Blocknet 

Similar to IDEX, Blocknet’s exchange is part of a larger project. This system aims to enable 

“open-ended communication and delivery of services between users of different 

cryptocurrencies”. They describe their product as a general purpose infrastructure for 

inter-blockchain services. Again, the scope of the project should not be underestimated.  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

22 

Other competitors include OasisDEX and Radex. These are on-chain exchanges whose 

market appeal may be limited by the slow block confirmation times their systems are 

built around. 

 

Bancor 

Bancor conducted a very large ICO in 2017. It’s a decentralized liquidity network which 

allows the exchange of Ethereum tokens without a counter-party. Token owners must 

use Bancor’s token, deposit a substantial reserve, and use a price-setting function which 

readjusts the current price according to the weight of purchases and sales. In theory this 

will lead to price fluctuations based on actual sales rather than market sentiment.  

This is a radical departure from conventional exchanges. Bancor’s smart contract is 

complicated, and exchanges using the network will require considerable resources 

because of the vast number of internal transactions involved. Tokens wanting to 

participate must conform to Bancor’s own standards, in addition to ERC20. 

  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

23 

Business model 

Trading fee discount 

Income will be generated from trading fees in ether or JOY effective from the beta launch; 

May 2018. These will be set around 0.1% for order makers and 0.2% for order takers.  

Our price strategy is to attract users with a 50% discount for JOY token use. We will 

generate transactions and advertising by offering free and frictionless listings to ICOs. 

Advertising on JOYSO through the JOYSELECT program will also be competitive, with a 

50% discount for ICOs paying with JOY.  

Token reduction plan  

Each quarter, we will burn JOY tokens equal to 50% of our net profits, until 50% of the 

total supply (100 million JOY) are destroyed. The process will be announced on the 

blockchain. Eventually we will destroy 100 million JOY tokens in total, leaving 100 million 

JOY tokens. 

This will be our commitment to our investors.  

 In the second phase 

When available as part of our second phase, we expect margin trading to be very 

attractive to users, as the collateral required for trading using the JOY token will be lower 

than with ether. 

Compared to centralized exchanges, we offer reduced settlement costs and low-cost 

integration with wallets due to efficiencies in smart contracts and blockchain. We expect 

to generate increasing business as word spreads through the community. 

The efficiencies of the HEX exchange structure create a low cost operation with an 

attractive feature set. Because we don’t store the private keys of users, we don’t require 

expensive hardware and software systems to segregate/protect them. We mitigate the 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

24 

higher gas fees normally associated with decentralized exchanges by zipping the input 

arguments and optimizing the gas consumption.  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

25 

Marketing plan 

 

Target Market 

People between the ages of 25 and 35  who are interested in digital currency or fintech 

investment opportunities. Initial focus on select national markets. 

 

Target Audience: 

Market segmentation and the user experience journey  

 

Positioning 

JOYSO is a hybrid exchange (a HEX). It offers traders the speed and features of a 

centralized exchange with the privacy and security of a decentralized network. 

 

Communication points 

For CEX users: 

● Do you really want to give an exchange your private keys? 

● Do you really want to let an exchange fully control your funds? 

● USD$1B in crypto hacked/stolen in 2017 

 

For DEX users: 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

26 

● Why is this so hard? 

● Why is this so slow? 

● Why so much gas? 

 

 

Channels 

Based on our market research and advice, we will focus activity primarily on Taiwan, 

certain Asian countries and certain English-speaking markets.  

 

Because of our strong connections with early Bitcoin adopters in China and Singapore, 

we believe we will connect powerfully with many overseas-based Chinese people wishing 

to invest in ICOs.  

 

And because of our long-term links with the Bitcoin and Ethereum communities in 

Taiwan we expect to have strong advocacy there. 

 
 

Advertising and social media 

With our digital advertising partners we are implementing a comprehensive marketing 

program between January and March 2018.  

 

Creative content, including livery, artwork and video is currently under development in 

multiple languages. 

 

Twitter, Telegram, YouTube, Google AdWords and Facebook content is being prepared. 

We plan a comprehensive retargeting campaign as part of the plan. 

 
 

Community building and other promotion 

Customer engagement will be through both social channels and offline gatherings. 

JOYSO management has experience running education conferences and events and we 

will use this to advantage. 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

27 

 

We will attend conferences and crypto events in the target countries where we believe 

we can raise our profile through good sponsorship deals, build profile through 

appearances on credible industry panels and network with potentially valuable partners. 

 

We will appoint a professional public relations consultancy to target key media channels 

and  opinion leaders. 

 
Pricing 

l JOYSO gas costs will be lower than decentralized exchanges 

l Our 50% discount on commissions with JOY tokens makes us one of the lowest 

cost exchanges 

l ICOs can list with JOYSO without audit costs 

  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

28 

Team 

The team comprises eight full-time and three part-time employees. The JOYSO project 

developed out of Consensus Innovation Ltd, a blockchain innovation incubator active in 

Taiwan and internationally. Consensus has worked on copyright, music and financial 

projects, including one with Taiwan’s largest financial institution. The core team 

contributed to dodocker.com, a blockchain-based crowdfunding enterprise, and has 

been working on the JOYSO project since 2017. 

 

 
Team Introduction  

宋倬榮 
TomSoong 
[Tso-Jung Sung] 
CEO 

 

While working at Alchip Technologies (cutting edge ASIC 

solutions), Tom supervised development of the world’s first 

28nm Bitcoin mining chip. In 2014 he founded AlcheMiner 

and brought to market a 40nm Litecoin mining chip which 

garnered 20% of Litecoin mining power. 

Blockchain advisor to Taiwan’s Industrial Technology 

Research Institute (ITRI), one of the world’s leading 

technology research and development institutions. 

Administrator of the Bitcoin Chinese Community, which has 

grown to over 32,000 members, and the Taipei Ethereum 

Meetup group. 

Former digital integrated circuit designer at Realtek, one of 

the world’s largest integrated circuit  design houses. 

Tom is a successful innovator with a deep commitment to 

improvements in the blockchain space. He has a B.S. and an 

M.S. in Electrical Engineering from National Tsing Hua 

University, the most academically successful of Taiwan’s 160 

universities. 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

29 

高崎鈞 
Taka  
[Chi-Chun Kao] 
COO 

 

Taka is the former Technical Manager of the Industrial 

Technology Research Institute. He has been a researcher for 

the Board of Science and Technology, part of the executive 

branch of the Taiwan government. In this role he was 

accountable for blockchain advocacy in the public sector and 

for digital policy coordination.  

Over ten years at ITRI, he has project managed a diverse range 

of digital and big data projects. For the past two years he has 

been the principal organizer of the Taiwan Blockchain 

Summit. 

Technical architecture contributor to the Dodoker project, a 

blockchain-based crowdfunding platform 

Taka has a B.S. and M.S. in Mechanical Engineering from 

National Taiwan University, one of the top ranked universities 

in the world.  

謝咏宸 
Will 
[Yung-Chen Hsieh] 
CTO 

 

Will is a PhD candidate in Computer Science at National 

Taiwan University. He has been a key contributor to GCoin, a 

permissioned, distributed blockchain infrastructure for 

enterprise, and the first open source blockchain 

implementation in Taiwan. He has also been part of the 

development team for the DiQi digital token wallet platform, 

which aims to improve user experience around blockchain 

services. 

He is active in the Ethereum Taipei Meetup community and is 

a committed educator, having taught blockchain and smart 

contract courses and authored many articles. He has been 

responsible for smart contract development at JOYSO. 

陳翊銓 
Emn178 
[Yi-Cyuan Chen] 
System Architect 

Yi-Cyuan is a full-stack software engineer with over ten years’ 

experience in software development. He is a regular 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

30 

 
 

contributor to many open source projects on GitHub, 

including js-sha3.  

His employment history includes front and back end 

development, as well as settlement and clearing at Titansoft 

Ltd., a global online gambling company with over 100,000 

concurrent users. 

He is responsible for the full stack work at JOYSO. 

朱昱翰 
John 
[Yu-Han Chu] 
DevOps Engineer 

 
 

 

John is a full-stack software engineer. He built and still 

operates the largest crypto-mining community in Taiwan. 

Privately, he has founded four mining pools; GPUMINE ETH, 

Zen, Whale and Music.  

He began the GPUMING community in 2015 and it now has 

over 16,000 members.  

Principally, he has been doing back-end development at 

JOYSO. 

陳鼎元 
Kevin 
[Ting-Yuan Chen] 
Legal  

He graduated from National Chen-Chi University with a law 

degree, Ting-Yuan has worked at Tien Heng Attorneys-at-Law 

and Li & Cai Intellectual Property Office Legal Department as 

arbitrators. In addition to his background in the legal industry, 

Ting-Yuan has also worked in food, media, education and 

manufacturing industries. He is fluent in Mandarin Chinese, 

English and Japan, as he has worked in China, America and 

Japan over the past decade. Ting-Yuan entered the Block 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

31 

 

chain community two years ago, and is now working as our 

legal specialist. 

 

Advisors Introduction  

周宇修 
Clarence Chou 
[Yu-Shiou Chou] 

 

Bachelor of law, National Cheng-chi University 

Master of law, National Cheng-chi University 

Visiting Scholar at Columbia Law School 

An-Chung Attorneys-at-Law 

Li & Cai Intellectual Property Office lawyer 

PILnet: the Global Network for Public Interest Law Fellow 

Taiwan Association for Human Rights executive member 

Amnesty International Taiwan Executive Director 

Taipei Bar Association Executive Director 

陳昶吾 
Chang-Wu Chen 

 
 

Dr. Chang-Wu Chen serves as the Chief Scientist at AMIS and 

is also an Adjunct Assistant Professor at National Chengchi 

University. There, he is researching the consensus protocol, 

Casper; seminal in Ethereum’s transition to a Proof of Stake 

system. 

He is a contributor for Ethereum Research on Casper. He has 

worked as a senior blockchain engineer for 21Vianet, the 

largest independent data center operator in China, and was a 

visiting scholar at the University of Illinois from 2015-2016. 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

32 

He received B.S. and Ph.D. degrees in Computer Science and 

Communication Engineering from the National Central 

University, Taiwan, in 2007 and 2016. His research interests 

include wireless networks, network security, vehicular 

networking and blockchain. 

杜宏毅 
Tony Tu 
[Hung-Yi Tu] 

 
 

Dr. Tu Hung-Yi has been the Chief Strategy Officer of 

TAIWAN-CA Inc. since 2008. He brings expertise in strategic 

planning and market development, focusing on e-business 

security and new e-business fintech models. Dr. Tu has led 

several national projects, such as the project to build the 

Taiwan Personal Financial Information Identification Center, 

the POC blockchain project for a Taiwan Automated Clearing 

House, and a project to deliver e-Certifications over multiple 

mobile devices for new generation financial services. 

Dr. Tu served as Associate Professor in Department of 

Computer Science and Information Management in 

Providence University from 1993 to 2000, and received his 

Ph.D. degree in Computer Sciences from Purdue University in 

West Lafayette, USA. In April 2000, he joined HiTRUST Inc., a 

Certification Authority company, as Senior VP - Product & 

Marketing. 

Dr. Tu received his Master and Bachelor degrees in Computer 

Engineering from Chiao-Tung University in Taiwan, R.O.C., in 

1986 and 1984 respectively. 

Bret Treasure Advisor, marketing consultant and digital content creator in 

the blockchain and smart contract space. White papers, 

content strategies, social media and traditional channels. 

Founding board member, Blockchain Australia. Immediate 

past president Australian Web Industry Association and Chair 

of Judging, Australian Web Awards. 



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

33 

 

謝楨國 
Ben Hsieh 
 [JHEN-GUO SIE] 

 
 

JHEN-GUO SIE is the general manager of NTT Data Taiwan and 

is responsible for the SAP business and management of the 

Taiwan and Greater China region.  

NTT Data is the biggest IT servicer in Japan. To cooperate with 

the development of the global blockchain, NTT established 

the tactical team, focusing on financial, public and social 

infrastructure, and the field of B2B service. More than 100 

tactical blockchain businesses and contracts will be signed 

before March, 2020. 

 

  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

34 

 

Partner Introduction 

 

 

MakerDAO 

Due to large fluctuations in the cryptocurrency market, 

investors demand a cryptocurrency whose value is stable 

relative to fiat currency. It is our pleasure to have 

MakerDAO as our strategic partner, which we plan to adopt 

MakerDAO’s stable coin, Dai. The value of Dai will be stable 

relative to the U.S. dollar.  

 

NTT Data Corporation (株式会社エヌ・ティ・ティ・データ 

Kabushiki-kaisha Enu-tī-tī Dēta) is a Japanese system 

integration company and a partially-owned subsidiary of 

Nippon Telegraph and Telephone (NTT). Japan Telegraph 

and Telephone Public Corporation, a predecessor of NTT, 

started Data Communications business in 1967. NTT, 

following its privatization in 1985, spun off the Data 

Communications division as NTT DATA in 1988, which has 

now become the largest of the IT Services companies 

headquartered in Japan. NTT DATA is a publicly traded 

company, but is about 54 percent owned by NTT. Its 

business areas are in national and local governments, 

financial, and telecommunication sectors. According to 

reports in 2012, Forbes Global 2000 recognizes NTT DATA 

as the 5th largest IT Services company. 

  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

35 

Roadmap 

 

Business  Timeline Product 

Concept & research 2017.9.15  

 2017.10 Project start 

Official landing page 2018.1. 20 Architecture & coding 

Pre-ICO 2018.2.01 Prototype demo video 

ICO start 2018.3.01 Prototype release on testnet 

ICO end 2018.3.21 Testing & bounty 

JOYSO launch 2018.5 Product release on mainnet 

 2018.9 Service scaling  

Reach $20M daily trading 

volume 

2018.12 Cross-centralized exchanges via 

trading API 

 2019.3 Margin trade on contract 

Reach $1B daily trading 

volume 

2019.6 Off-chain payment service 

 2019.9 Mobile payment and wallet 

 

  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

36 

Token sale 

Token sale details 

Market positioning JOYSO offers traders the speed and features of a centralized 

exchange with the privacy and security of a decentralized 

network. 

Token name and ticker JOY 

Token issuer Consensus Innovation Ltd. 

Token type Ethereum ERC20 

Price 1 ETH = 10,000 JOY.  

Total issuance Total tokens generated: 200,000,000 (100%) 

Distributed for ICO：100,000,000 (50%) 

Distributed for private placement：50,000,000 (25%) 

Reserved by JOYSO team：50,000,000 (25%) 

Purchase cap No purchase cap will be applied 

Schedule ICO event commences March 1, 2018 08:00 (UTC+0)  

ICO ends March 22, 2018 08:00 (UTC+0).  

Handover of tokens Concurrent with smart contract exchange 

Transferability Transferred upon purchase. Tradable after ICO ends  

Trading 

commencement 

Late March, 2018 

Unsold tokens All generated but unsold tokens will be released over future 

years at a rate no higher than 15% per annum. 

Legal advisors Clarence Chou 

  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

37 

Application of funds 

Post ICO, funds will be applied as follows:   

 Application Principal tasks 

35% Product 

development 

Development of trading engine, order match engine, smart contracts, 

migration to main net, security protocols, back-end development, 

wallet integrations, front-end development, mobile development, 

testing, margin trading support, stable coin(Dai) testing, cross-

centralized exchange development 

20% Marketing  Targeted advertising 

Inbound marketing 

Attendance, exhibiting, sponsorship of conferences and events 

Social media platform development, content creation including video 

Community development and engagement on prominent platforms 

Partnership promotion and offers 

15% Operations DevOps environment, status monitoring and reporting, system 

deployment and backup, load balance, performance tuning, issue 

tracking 

Customer services and support team, token auditing and listing, 

market price watch and trading fee updating,   

Funds settlement and operating report  

10% Legal compliance  Prepare for new regulations due to the rapid changes in the digital 

world. 

10% Security Bounty To facilitate independent, low-cost auditing of JOYSO systems to 

reach the security level of tamper resistance and disaster recovery 

10% Team Reward To encourage and inspire team growth 

 

  



 
 

 

© 2018 Consensus Innovation Ltd. All rights reserved | www.css-inno.com 
 

38 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

THANK YOU! 

For information please contact us at 

info@joyso.io 

or join our Telegram group at 

t.me/joyso_io 


