


































  

À

LITRA COIN
DECENTRALIZE HEALTHCARE 

Litra.site



  

1. Introducing Litra blockchain
2. Electronic Health Records (EHR)
3. Litra Blockchain Plan
4. ICO, Coin Allocation
5. Litra Team

LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This document may contain forward-looking statements, subject to risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.

Litra.site



  

 Introduction
As the modern world industry shifts towards
consumer focus, a savvy new player is moving
fast to breath fresh air into the healthcare
industry. We are poised to bring progress to the
industry, drawing billions of dollars in revenue
from traditional healthcare organizations while
building lucrative new markets in the
burgeoning New Health Economy.

Litra.site

Our Goal:
The $5.5 trillion US healthcare industry is being upended by companies attuned to the needs and
desires of empowered consumers. These new entrants are nibbling at the edges of the traditional
healthcare ecosystem, setting the stage for a New Health Economy.
The greatest corporate success stories of the last decade have been companies moving forward to
provide products and services that truly improve the customer experience in a given feld.
Healthcare has sorely lagged behind in this regard- with many consumers left with a bitter taste in
their mouths after receiving healthcare services. We believe that through the use of blockchain
technology we can lay the groundwork to improve the healthcare system, and in doing so improve
the lives of countless people.

As we inch toward a value-driven world, healthcare customers, employers and individuals are
signaling they may not wait.

Our surveys found that consumers are willing to abandon traditional care venues for more
affordable and convenient alternatives. Nearly half of respondents said they would choose new
options for more than a dozen common medical procedures, such as using an at-home kit to
diagnose strep throat or having chemotherapy administered at home. This simple shift in the
market threatens at least $64 billion of traditional provider revenue.
 Given the tools with which to make the changes consumers want, there can be no question that
consumers will move on.
Examples of these changes can already be found in today's consumer habits. “Five years ago, hardly
anyone went to a drugstore for a fu shot.” Walgreen Co. President and CEO Gregory Wasson told
investors at the JP Morgan Healthcare Conference in January. Today, Walgreen’s enjoys $400m in
revenue annually from the immunization market.

“Consumers are
ready to move; we
can either make the
change, or watch it
pass us by.”



  

“We intend to continue to grow share not only in this growing pharmacy market, but as well in the
larger and growing healthcare space,” said Wasson, whose company now offers a wide range of
medical services. The fact is that many consumers would rather visit Wallgreens for their shots than
use a clinic or hospital.

“We are building
a new health economy
centered around the
consumer, focused on
transparency and
convenience.”

Litra.site

After years of dating, it’s time for medicine and
technology to marry. Healthcare companies
should fgure out how to harness mutual interests
for mutual gain as they build care delivery models
with patients, not patient encounters- at their
center. The companies that will emerge as winners
in this new marketplace will be those that can
articulate how technology can add value, align
incentives, and strategically share and analyze
data. Utilizing block chain technology to this end
opens up a whole new world of opportunity, and
brings healthcare records into the modern era.

• Understanding which digital health technologies
both physicians  and consumers value should
shape digital strategies.
 • Generating  meaningful, actionable insights
through analytics will focus investments to yield
better, faster results.
• Figuring out what motivates both caregivers and
consumers to adopt and continue to use digital
technology is critical for sustainability.
• Rethinking the workforce and informing
workfows will fuel the digital health return on
investment.



  

Litra Changes Everything
Imagine a world where the consumer, not the establishment controlled healthcare records. Imagine
a healthcare system where payments were transparent and visible. Imagine a world where those
healthcare records were digitized and databased so as to be accessible to any responsible party
who could then make use of them for study and analysis. In a world where a computer can analyize
your shopping habits and tell you that you're pregnant before you even know it yourself, imagine for
a moment what a computer could analyze from your healthcare records- life saving diagnosis could
be given without human intervention days or months before symptoms appear. Imagine the
freedom that would come with being able to walk into any clinic you wanted, give them all the
information they needed, and have them treat you in a way that suits you. Litra can and will save
lives.

Electronic health records (EHRs) 

while transformative in their own right- have not turned out to be a panacea for coordinating care
or engaging patients more fully in their healthcare yet. Privacy and security concerns often stall
efforts to share patient data outside the practice and stymie innovative technologies that can
enable more efcient care.
Consumers, who are now paying more of the healthcare tab, are demanding transparency,
convenience, and value. They are starting to vote with their feet in record numbers by opting for
lower-cost, more convenient retail clinics.
The care models of yesterday are inadequate to satisfy growing industry and consumer
expectations.

Litra.site

“ Understanding which digital health technologies both
physicians and consumers value should shape digital
strategies.”



  

Electronic health records (EHRs)
Tomorrow’s successful healthcare delivery models are expected to be:

• Focused on the patient as a consumer
  Personalized, transparent, convenient, and on-demand. Tomorrow’s   models will focus on the
customer experience and understanding    
  patients in their everyday lives. Health systems will use customer
  relationship management technology to generate and manage
  demand.

• Predictive and precise
  Analytics will enable caregivers to develop customized care plans   
  for individuals, while also managing care for and improving the 
  health of patient populations. Analytics will help caregivers identify 
  high-risk patients and anticipate problems.

• Integrated and transparent
  Health systems will migrate away from an environment of   
  incentives built on charges, admissions, patient days and billing 
  codes to one that focuses on consistent delivery of evidence- based 
  care at the right time, in the right environment, using the right 
  people.

• Team-based
  Health systems will shift care from interaction among the patient 
  and the physician to interaction among patients and a broader 
  clinical team, coordinated through block chain technology.

They will disseminate superior standards of care through a team-based operating model with clear
roles and accountability based on clinical quality, clinical efciency, patient satisfaction and fnancial
performance.
They will use digital technology as a tool to design work processes and protocols that allow all
clinicians to practice at the top of their license.

• Sustainable
  Health systems will operate on a well-orchestrated system of care 
  rather than one based on siloed clinical and administrative 
  departments, achieving sustainability by integrating processes, 
  technology, and people. They will transform clinical departments 
  into broader business units focused on the consumer.

• Quality-based and efcient
  Health systems will manage their fnancial health based on a new 
  healthcare economy that supports different types of risk- and 
  quality- based care models. They will tie quality measures to 
  reimbursement, which will promote clinical expertise throughout 
  the system of care. 

Litra.site



  

While EHRs have come a long way during the past fve years-many now act as central data
repositories for clinical and genomics data, information exchanges with other EHRs, and tools for
performing basic analytics. Industry professionals agree that they cannot stand alone.

A large opportunity exists for integrating EHRs with other databases and devices, such as those used
for customer relationship management, billing, research and development, and mobile health and
analytics. Acting in concert, these tools can give caregivers a more complete portrait of patient care.

Human error, both on the part of the consumer, and on the part of the practitioner still lead to
countless lost lives every year. Perhaps a gentleman does not feel the pain in his chest warrants a
trip to the doctor. Worried about insurance or knowing he cannot miss work, he ignores the pain. By
the time he receives a diagnosis, the harm may have already been done. Given the right software, he
could have just flled in a few symptoms on a database, made a few taps on his mobile phone, and
uploaded all the information the right software would need to tell him exactly what was wrong, and
suggest immediate suitable treatment.

“In the future, machine
learning systems will
know your body better
than any single
practitioner ever could.
Given the chance,
technology will extend
your life.”

Litra.site

In the future, patients will expect to see their data, and
this will drive more data standards, which will in turn
drive physicians to exchange more information with
each other.

approaches during the next fve years will be using
analytics software to manage large volumes of data to
predict patterns such as the likelihood of acquiring a
disease or being admitted or readmitted to a hospital
based on a variety of health, genetic, environmental, and
social factors. Being able to merge information about a
patient’s fnancial status, home life, and other social and
environmental factors is essential for establishing a
personalized care approach and determining which
digital interventions will work most effectively for that
individual. By anticipating medical problems, healthcare
companies can protect at risk revenue.

The market for services offering transparency in healthcare pricing and quality is embryonic, yet
growing. New entrants and traditional businesses, particularly insurers, are grappling for share in this
new area. In three years, venture capital frms have invested $400 million in start-ups targeting price
transparency, while companies such as Aetna, Cigna and UnitedHealth Group have launched their
own tools for members.

Most of these services allow consumers to compare prices and various quality measures for
healthcare services, physicians, drugs and procedures. Some offer Yelp-style user reviews. Still to
come: a national comprehensive shopping option. With Litra this no longer has to be just an idea, it
can become a reality. Why not give consumers the ability to to run a cost comparison on their
treatment, the same way they would before they bought a new laptop computer?.



  

The Litra Plan

● Start with the consumer and work backwards.
● Be fexible. All organizations should develop strategies for both
      fee-for-service medicine and value-based models.
● Don’t go it alone. Beneft from smart alliances. As partners,
      traditional healthcare companies can serve as guides to the 
      regulatory and payment maze, and technology companies can take 
      advance of the platform litra provides.
● Integrate. Skeptics point out that an a la carte medical system will undermine efforts to integrate

care if data are not readily available to all caregivers.
● Business model innovation is a complex process with no single recipe for success.

Litra.site

“The digital world has trained consumers to believe they
don’t need to pay much for many online services. The
hunger for transparent pricing may partially explain the
popularity of retail clinics, which prominently display
price lists.”



  

Litra Blockchain

HOSPITALS
&

PHYSICIANS

OTC, HEALTH
& WELLNESS
PRODUCTS

FOLLOWUP,
ALERT &
TRACK

VERIFIED
REVIEWS

DELIVERING

SOCIAL & ECONOMIC FACTORS

HEALTH
BEHAVIORS

CLINICAL CARE

    PHYSICAL
ENVIRONMENT

Litra.site



  

Litra Blockchain
Free Electronic Health Records (EHR) 

Focused on the patient as a consumer.
Personalized, transparent, convenient, and on-demand, tomorrow’s models will focus on customer
experience and understanding patients in their everyday lives. Health systems will use customer
relationship management technology to generate and manage demand.

Analytics will enable caregivers to develop customized care plans for individuals, while also
managing care for and improving the health of patient populations. Analytics will help caregivers
identify high-risk patients and anticipate problems. Health systems will migrate away from an
environment of incentives built on charges, admissions, patient days and billing codes to one that
focuses on consistent delivery of evidence- based care at the right time, in the right environment,
using the right people.

Health systems will shift care from interaction among the patient and the physician to interaction
among patients and a broader clinical team. They will disseminate superior standards of care
through a team-based operating model with clear roles and accountability based on clinical quality.

In contrast to today networks, distributed ledgers eliminate the need for central authorities to
certify ownership and clear transactions. They can be open, verifying anonymous actors in the
network, or the can be closed and require actors in the network to be already identifed.

With Litra blockchain the cost of the supply chain will drop, currently the supply chain is the largest
expense for healthcare providers, with an estimate $5 billion of annual waste.

Why Litra Blockchain

Litra blockchain can provide additional accountability and transparency to the healthcare industry.
The data itself can be deposited anywhere while the blockchain store the links to EHR updates. All
updates associated with any individual health record can be curated within individual blocks and
published on the Litra blockchain.

Litra.site



  

Litra Blockchain
Lets focus on the patient as a consumer.
By putting the customer in charge of his EHR, they have the right to give access to, or deny access
to whoever they wish. If they wish to submit their information then they can. They can open it up to
be cross referenced with their families data, or with that of their ancestors, to provide the fullest
possible picture to care givers. With Litra Blockchain individuals will have access to their EHR record
from their own devices, whether they are home or aboard. There need be no lost time in gaining
treatment wherever they may be.

Litra Blockchain benefts:
● Free and open to individual and healthcare providers. 
● Shared network without compromising security 
● Combines with the IoT
● Reliable individual history, including family history 
● Transparent pharmaceutical prescriptions process
●  Accurate drug consuming
● A new way to pay for your healthcare

Database not central

Our EHR openness model will not move EHR to a central location, we are going to open up the
channels between everyone, consider it as database, global system of record for the entire industry.
With that their will be no extra cost for any institution to adopt, nor  for the end user the patient,
this will take EHR openness to new level that never been reached before.

Litra.site



  

Litra Blockchain
Why Litecoin Blockchain

Before healthcare institutions and patients can communicate and transact with one another they
require a medium in which to do so. Traditionally this has always been done by a trusted
intermediary (the Owner). 

With the advent of the Litacoin public blockchain and its related sub-protocols forming the
backbone of transparency, and speed, for peer-to-peer communication, we can now provide users a
medium of agreements that is decentralized, permission less, trustless, with fair access and is
cryptographically verifable. A medium that maintains an ‘immutable’ transaction record as long as
the majority of the Litra blockchain network collectively agrees.
With Litacoin blockchain the healthcare possesses the technology necessary to build a better model
for the speed. We believe the litra public blockchain will continue to permeate all future need for
healthcare.

We at Litra decided to work on litecoin blockchain based on our 3 years research, that this
blockchain is the most suitable for healthcare, and the speed and transparency it require, with no
extra cost to adopt. And minimal running cost.

With our blockchain we will have Patient Centric care coordination, instead of moving data to a
central location.

“The only record that gets created before you are born, and still has
value to your family after you pass away, is your health record.”

Litra.site



  

Litra Blockchain
Pharmaceutical industry advertising 

Right now $28 billion is being spent annually by pharmaceutical companies to reach physicians and
healthcare institution to use their products.
It breaks down to $1.9 billion online spending, $6.2 billion ofine spending, and $20 billion on direct
relations ( seminars, pharmaceutical representatives, plus other marketing technics)

With our blockchain we will dominate that spending market, by offering pharmaceutical new way
to reach physicians, and provide physicians better way to access new information about drugs,
prices, and their patient co-pay.

As the blockchain adopting increase over next 3 years, we propose opening online personalize drug
store, as our end user enjoy free accessing to their health record, they will have the advantages to
know best product that suit them.

Litra.site

Promotional (mailing,meetings,
face-to-face)
Online Advertising
Traditional Advertising
Samples



  

 Litra:ICO
PRE-Sale (25% Bonus): 
 August 14 (5:00 PM UTC) – August 28, 2017 (5:00 PM UTC)

ICO Event: 
 August 30th (5:00 PM UTC) - December 30th, 2017 (5:00 PM UTC) 

Litra Trading:
 Jan 5th, 2018

- Litra Symbol: À
- Litra short: LTA

MONETARY POLICY:
- Limited supply.(99,999,999)
- Minting by block reward as in Bitcoin.
- Litra valued as 1 USD.
- 29,999,997 ICO offering.
- Backed by useful day to day services.

ACCEPTED PAYMENT METHODS:
- Bitcoin to the address we provide.
- Ether to the address we provide.
- Bank transfer to accounts we provide.

BREAKING LITRA COIN:

1 Litra = 1,000,000 litrapinz.
            = 1000 litradollars.
1 LitraDollar = 100 litracents.
1 LitraCent   = 10 litrapinz.

Litra.site



  

 Litra: Allocations

ICO Investors  (30%)
Healthcare providers  (20%)
EHR Individuals  (20%)
Litra Miners  (10%)
Reserved  (10%)
Team (10%)

100%

EHR Individuals (20%)
Every US citizen, permanent resident or foreigner
who has a health record in the US, upon signing up
to our beta registry, will receive 1 Litra, for free to
spend in the ecosystem, it will hold 1 USD value, and
any increase in Litra value will be refected on it.
Our ecosystem will have healthcare products include
pharmacy and health goods, virtual healthcare, and
future partnerships.

Healthcare providers (20%)
Includes hospitals, clinics, research centers, and
pharmaceuticals. 

ICO Investors (30%)
- R&D Product development
- Marketing and Exposure
- Initial Capex: including licenses and compliances.
- Working Capital
 Litra.site

Reserved (10%)
These Litra coins will be not sold during ICO
and will be locked. If at some point it seems
advisable to sell more, or to direct it to EHR
Individuals pool we may do so. 

Litra Miners (10%)
For providing blockchain maintenance,
distributing data, and more.

Team (10%)
Support, public work, network governance,
and more.



  

 Litra Roadmap

3 Years
 R & D

Litra.site
Litra Coin

Litra
Blockchain 

Expanding 
Blockchain team

Litra ICO
Ends

Beta EHR
signup

Launch
the

platform

Adding
Healthcare

services

Expanding
Marketplace

Distribution
centers

Aug 2017               Oct 2017             Jan 2018                     Aug 2018

“We are confdent that we understand and can manage the
impacts of scaling the technology,”  
                         - Litra Blockchain team.

Litra
Trading

Litra.site



  

 Summary
Litra Blockchain plans to revolutionize the US healthcare market by offering free electronic
health record access to all US citizens and people coming to US seeking better medical
treatment, and in doing so open the door to a new kind of healthcare beftting our modern
civilization.

The Litra Blockchain uses multiple approaches to fll the gap between all healthcare providers. It
will open the EHR to these institutions without an extra cost of adoption, nor changing their
EMR/EHR infrastructures
.
Litra Blockchain will cut the cost and time US citizen, and physicians need to access healthcare
products and services, while ensuring the consumer enjoys a newly competitive market that puts
service frst.

The Litra Blockchain transparency and efciency will dominate the Healthcare sector within 5
years.

Litra Blockchain is the frst step of our full circle of healthcare services. The world is moving
forward. Only with litra blockchain technology can the healthcare industry hope to keep up.

Litra Blockchain is the future of US healthcare. Welcome on board.

Litra.site



  

EXECUTIVE TEAM
Matt Abbott
Technology & Analytics
Abbott brings experience in project
management, data analytics and risk
management to the board of Litra. Prior to
joining Litra Abbott was involved in the
development of multi projects Google.
Abbott holds Bachelor of Arts in Economics.

Sergey Akayev
Technology & Cryptocrurrencies
Akayev is a serial entrepreneur with more than
four years of experience in the cryptocurrency
space. Prior to joining Litra,
Akayev was a co founder of BitcoinCreditOne.

Litra.site



  

EXECUTIVE TEAM
David Rubin
Technology & Adopting 
Rubin aims to help bring Litra Blockchain to
the mass. With master level of understanding
blockchain fle systems and cloud storage.

Robert Van Damme
EHR /Chief Blockchain Architect
Van Damme worked in multi EHR/EMR projects
including Specialty Hospital chain, in Europe and
the US in last 5 years.

Litra.site



  

EXECUTIVE TEAM
Mu Amos
Founder
Supervisor and project manager for 3 EHR
integrations at 3 different healthcare institutions,
including Specialty Hospital chain, advisor for KH
Cancer center. Sold frst startup (tradelines.com) at
21, background include marketing and workload
optimization.

Dave Norris
Financial Risk/Legal Consultant

ADVISOR

Litra.site



  

Links
Litra Website
Introduction Video
Early Investor

Litra.site

Twitter
Facebook

http://www.litra.site/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VR90AEZLwqY&feature=youtu.be
http://www.litra.site/Earlyinvestor.pdf
https://twitter.com/litracoin
http://www.facebook.com/litracoin


  

Reference
● https://www.digitalcommerce360.com\

● https://www.wsj.com/

● https://www.forbes.com/

● https://www.bloomberg.com/

● http://www.dallasnews.com/

● https://www.statnews.com/

● http://reuters.com/

● https://www.propublica.org/

● http://www.healio.com/

● http://www.statista.com/

Litra.site

“ Understanding which digital health technologies both
physicians and consumers value should shape digital
strategies.”

https://www.digitalcommerce360.com/2017/04/28/wrongly-used-electronic-records-hospitals-leads-drug-dose-errors/
https://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/lawsuit-alleges-manhattan-hospital-overcharges-for-medical-records-1488222389
https://www.forbes.com/sites/davechase/2016/05/18/why-98-of-digital-health-startups-are-zombies-and-what-they-can-do-about-it/#5f57a8e0359a
https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2017-02-24/sworn-to-secrecy-drugstores-stay-silent-as-customers-overpay
http://www.dallasnews.com/business/health-care/2017/02/15/spending-health-care-reached-34-trillion-2016and-expected-rise-report-says
https://www.statnews.com/2017/02/21/patient-reviews-help-improve-health-care/
http://reuters.com/article/idUSKBN15E287
https://www.propublica.org/article/doctors-who-take-company-cash-tend-to-prescribe-more-brand-name-drugs?utm_campaign=bt_twitter&utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social
http://www.healio.com/ophthalmology/cataract-surgery/news/blogs/%7B02a8983c-ae96-41fd-b2cf-7db60e46a1c0%7D/john-a-hovanesian-md-facs/blog-its-time-for-ehr-to-work-for-doctors-instead-of-the-other-way-around
http://www.statista.com/statistics/185452/us-online-shops-and-mail-order-houses-sales-figures-for-pharmaceuticals/


  

À
Litra.site

ICO@Litra.site

mailto:ICO@Litra.site

	Slide 1
	Slide 2
	Slide 3
	Slide 4
	Slide 5
	Slide 6
	Slide 7
	Slide 8
	Slide 9
	Slide 10
	Slide 11
	Slide 12
	Slide 13
	Slide 14
	Slide 15
	Slide 16
	Slide 17
	Slide 18
	Slide 19
	Slide 20
	Slide 21
	Slide 22
	Slide 23

