














































Table of Contents 

 
 1 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

Whitepaper 
Version 7* 

“Platform for Intellectual 
Property Discovery & Mining” 

loci.io 
info@loci.io 

*This version and its contents are current as of 2/6/2018 and supersedes all previous versions of this whitepaper 
or any public statements made about Loci are subject to change. This English version is to be relied upon as the 
most accurate and updated as other language translations may have mistranslations and be outdated.



 
 2 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

3 
4 
6 
7 
9 

12 
14 
17 
21 

23 
25 
26 

Table of Contents 

Mission Statement 

Executive Summary 

Patent Background 

The Big Problem 

Loci’s Unique Solution 

Blockchain Implementation 

Market Opportunities 

The Exchange in Motion 

Leadership 

Loci Economic Model 

Conclusion 

References  



Mission Statement 

 
 3 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

Loci's mission is to change the way the world invents and value ideas... Our goal is to become 
the gold standard platform that empowers inventors and promotes the effective matchmaking of 
ideas, capital and talent. 

The mission encompasses: 
• Creation of a revolutionary invention process that enables innovators to better find and claim

their ideas using blockchain technology
• Utilization of native tokens for the creation, buying and selling of intellectual property and to

become cryptocurrency that will become the standard valuation metric of all intellectual
property

• Development of commercialization vehicles for development or licensing of inventions
• Building of a IP bidding marketplace to create an EBay of intellectual property
• Construction of mechanisms and social networks to incentivize and make development easier
• Deployment of an innovative economic model that fosters the growth of inventor eco-system



Executive Summary 

 
 4 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

The global invention process is fundamentally flawed. Enormous sums of money are wasted 
on research and development (R&D) in part due to ineffective global intellectual property laws and 
outdated research and registration processes. Wasted productivity accounts for a majority of global 
R&D expenditures, and creates a needlessly chaotic and risky landscape for innovation. Convoluted, 
inefficient and fraught with expense, the innovation process itself stifles progress. From patent 
attorneys, to inventors, to corporate analysts, there is a widespread need for the ability to quickly and 
comprehensively search for intellectual property and to put those results to work to propel innovation 
to the next level. Loci provides a blockchain technology based solution. 

 Loci is poised to change the way the world thinks and invents 

Loci has built a context based search tool that draws from an expansive database combining a 
vast array of resources and information provided by inventors directly. By means of blockchain 
technology the system serves inventors by offering immutable proof of intellectual property rights on 
a global scale.  Search results are presented in a comprehensive map of all known patents and 
relevant information, an interactive, user-modifiable, and visually appealing Venn diagram of 
technologies, inventions, patents and ideas that we call “InnVenn.” 

InnVenn helps inventors make the next big discovery 

Loci invented, patented and launched InnVenn, the platform that is revolutionizing R&D. Loci's 
first patent, “System and Method for Fuzzy Concept Mapping, Voting Ontology Crowd Sourcing, and 
Technology Prediction,” ( US9461876 ), reconstructs the mechanisms by which ideas are discovered 
and attributed to owners. Loci's user platform is a data aggregation source for search queries that 
enables users to recognize the location of novel inventions and ideas. The process is a patented 
system built upon a unique combination of contextual searching, predictive analytics, machine 
learning, heuristics, Bayesian statistics, and user input. The system’s backend aggregates searches 
and refinements while maintaining complete confidentiality and security. 

Search is just the beginning. Loci’s proprietary machine learning process takes it to the next 
level. Loci technology analyzes research trends, and by mapping what is known, Loci can discover 
what’s not and where there might be ways to link inventions in new ways or to identify unforeseen 
opportunities to invent new products. The gap between current technology and undiscovered 
connections is what Loci calls “whitespace.” It is possible that one day Loci could predict the 
interactions between every idea that exists or could exist in an effort to create a transparent valuation 
metric for all IP. 



Executive Summary 
 
 

 
 
 5 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

LOCIcoin could play an integral part in the paradigm shift in how ideas are valued and exchanged 
 

The process of idea discovery, invention and patent process can take years. InnVenn is a multi-
sided platform that offers inventors a significantly faster and more cost effective alternative to 
capitalize on their inventions compared to the current patent process. LOCIcoin tokens will be used 
by inventors to stake their claims on InnVenn. By recognizing the value of the discovered and staked 
inventions, InnVenn will reward inventors with LOCIcoin. InnVenn becomes the marketplace for the 
exchange of ideas between the inventors and companies or investors seeking to develop them -- all 
transacted with LOCIcoin.



Patent Background 
 
 

 
 
 6 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

A patent is defined as a government franchise or license conferring a right or title to an 
invention for a set period. It is an effect a monopoly which grants to an inventor the sole right to 
exclude others from making, using, or selling his or her invention. Those seeking patent protection 
must prove that their inventions serve a purpose, be well defined, of a patentable subject matter, 
novel and not obvious. This requires inventors to spend copious amounts of time refining their 
invention with schematic drawings, tables, charts, voluminous definitions, and descriptions. To 
implement the policy behind the patent doctrine, the specifics must be disclosed to the public as a 
trade with the government to obtain the limited monopoly. 
  

The patent process is long, arduous and expensive, but the protection of intellectual property 
is fundamental to the success of businesses as they provide a barrier to entry by competitors. Small 
companies cite patents and applications to demonstrate their viability during fundraising from 
venture capitalists or from crowdfunding platforms [1]. Many tech startups, in fact, rely upon applying 
for patents, especially in the biotechnology industry, where over 95% protect their products through 
patents. [2] Utility, plant, and design patents are the major categories of patents in the U.S. Upwards 
of 90% of new patents are classified as utility patents. [3] Design patents include original and 
ornamental design formats that are exclusive in nature. Plant patents protect new and distinct, 
invented or discovered asexually reproduced plants. 
  
Four major components are required for the patent application through the USPTO including: 
  

1. Technical specifications, including a summary of the invention, and schematic mock-ups or 
concept drawings; 

2. One or more claims; 
3. An oath or declaration that the inventors listed were the first to invent the subject matter 

described and claimed [4]; and 
4. Applicable filing fees. 

 
Nearly 2.9 million patent applications were filed worldwide in 2015. China is experiencing 

strong growth in patent filings [5]. The United States, China, South Korea, Japan, and Germany rank as 
the countries with the most patent applications. 
  

Despite recent disruptions in the traditional fundraising market through crowdfunding and 
Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs), patents or the protection of intellectual property they afford will continue 
to be needed in any marketplace, anywhere competition exists. Companies require patent protection 
to ensure the existence of their businesses which also enables them to control how and where their 
intellectual property is used. Licensing agreements allow other companies to purchase patented 
technologies and to incorporate them into their own products.



The Big Problem 

 
 7 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

The United States patent system changed dramatically in 2013, the year that the US Patent 
system switched from the “First-To-Invent” (FTI) system to the “First-Inventor-To-File” (FITF under the 
Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (AIA). The original FTI system was seen as offering an added 
measure of protection to the actual inventor where a simple sketch with some notes, if disclosed, 
could be considered “prior art” and mean the difference in being granted a patent or not. The newer 
FITF system favors whoever wins the race to the patent office, often a large company with deep 
pockets that afford to pay the high legal fees needed to get patents submitted more quickly. The 
United States was the last country to hold on to the “first-to-invent” system. 

First-to-file favors big companies and those that can afford to pay the high legal fees in order 
to get more patents submitted more quickly. What’s more, patent attorneys have a duty to alter, 
rescind, or abandon their client’s patent application if a legitimate public disclosure by another 
inventor of the same invention was made prior to their client’s public disclosure and first application 

The newer FITF system hinders bootstrapped inventors attempting to solve the world's 
problems. Most patents require a full prior art search before the patent application process can even 
begin. That means a comprehensive search of existing, patented technologies, which can cost 
upwards of $2,500. An initial provisional patent application costs a fraction of the full patent, yet still 
ranges between $1,000 and $5,000 by the time it is drafted and submitted. The average non-
provisional utility patent application is even more expensive with costs running from $5,000 to 
$50,000. The majority of these fees are incurred during an IP attorney's review of the documentation 
and claim writing, but that’s not all.  Additional fees are incurred during patent prosecution over the 
course of three to five years, and a typical non-provisional application will incur a total cost of 
$10,000 to $30,000 with no guarantee of a patent. [6] Inventions that are more technical and 
comprehensive in nature can easily cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. 

Then there’s timing, which is not the only thing, but everything.  If an inventor files an 
application just one hour after another applicant has filed for the same invention, his invention would 
be owned, if a grant was made, by the other applicant. The existing patent system provides little to no 
transparency of this timing risk for an average of sixteen months of the process, which could mean 
years and hundreds of thousands of dollars, spent on an invention, which could suddenly become a 
patent infringement. Liability and the risk of litigation lead to spiraling legal costs. In 2015, there were 
5,600 IP litigation cases in the US alone, with a median damage award of $9.2M.[7] The cost of 
defending a patent has led to the spawn of NPEs (non-practicing entities, also known as “patent 
trolls”), whose main form of revenue is derived from settling patent infringement cases that inventors 
could not afford  to fight in court. 



The Big Problem 
 
 

 
 
 8 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

This haphazard and often illogical system of patent application and protection has hindered 
what should be a smooth and steady path of innovation. To ratchet up the level of risk up another 
notch, a successful patent application is not a guarantee of success in the wider world. Businesses 
all over the world waste substantial resources with failed technologies, internal inefficiencies, 
untimely product launches, and litigation. 

 Tools for invention search are now available but either difficult to use, expensive, limited to 
outdated data, or unable to deliver comprehensive results. There have been minor recent innovations 
in document search capability. Google Patents, the USPTO patent search engine, FreePatentOnline, 
and Innography are among resources most turned to for researching patents.  These resources 
deliver long, cumbersome lists of somewhat relevant patents that require far more manual 
processing time. They are effective but inefficient. 

 
 



Loci’s Unique Solution 
 
 

 
 
 9 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

Loci’s founder John Wise experienced problems with the patent process first-hand as an 
engineer and felt that the entire patent system needed top be fundamentally altered. In 2008, John 
and Dennis Van Dusen first developed the idea of “Fuzzy Concept Mapping”, the core of Loci's 
platform. This revolutionary concept addresses one of the most challenging aspects of the patent 
process, the development of inventions that have not been previously patented. After nearly a decade 
of research, effort, and money, US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) granted U S9461876, 
“System and Method for Fuzzy Concept Mapping, Voting Ontology Crowd Sourcing, and Technology 
Prediction.” 
  

Loci's InnVenn platform includes a document search tool that provides results in a user-
friendly Venn Diagram form rather than the long list format produced on other platforms. InnVenn 
tracks search results and enhances the user’s control over the process by tailoring his or her claim to 
something that can be granted. In the process, a user may well find a new invention, and InnVenn 
provides the capability to record it. Relevance mechanisms, including cluster and concept based 
search, improve user efficiency, reducing the drudgery of deeply analyzing the thousands of results 
that inventors and patent attorneys often sift through before an invention’s novelty can be 
determined. 
  

InnVenn goes beyond search to help inventors stake their claims by acting as a blockchain-
integrated public disclosure platform. It has the effect of moving the inventor closer to a patent 
application and assisting patent attorneys by providing a starting point for undertaking and 
understanding a prior art search. Public disclosure, with sufficient specificity, locks out others from 
seeking rights to an invention. Public disclosure sets the clock, in several but certainly not all 
countries, for the start of a one-year window for filing a non-provisional patent application without 
loss of rights. 
 

The integration of blockchain technology into InnVenn establishes an immutable data point 
containing a time stamp of an invention’s public disclosure.  This disclosure, recorded on the 
blockchain, begins a 12-month grace period for the filing of a patent. Loci is intent on speeding the 
process of getting an idea protected and the use of blockchain technology offers a solution, but with 
the First- to-File rule, only getting that application to a patent office can establish a priority date. 
InnVenn does provide a much faster process of moving from idea to application by improving the 
communication between client and attorney. Loci’s proprietary machine learning abilities may also 
improve the process, even predicting and prompting new and potentially relevant connections 
between known inventions identifying “whitespaces” where there is ample room for innovation and 
invention. As the volume of searches increases, the system becomes more effective and valuable. 
 
 



Loci’s Unique Solution 

 
 10 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

Seeing Where Your Idea Stands with InnVenn 

Search current ideas and patents through Loci's InnVenn technology platform, complete a 
more comprehensive web search and help you see if your concept is original. 

Loci launched the InnVenn platform in February 2017. The InnVenn web application launched 
with existing patent data from numerous published sources, including existing patents, technical 
papers and products. It is also designed to include new inventions in search results as they are added 
to the database. The InnVenn user interface is a Venn diagram that presents results by means of a 
unique, multi-layered, compounding search feature. It is populated with active users' disclosures as 
well as results gathered from published sources. InnVenn’s ability to run up to four searches 
simultaneously enables users to focus quickly in on existing patents or potential claims. The 
“whitespace” between identified patents and claims indicates where there is room for further 
innovation. InnVenn's backend is built atop statistical calculation and analysis for investment pool 
opportunities, whitespace definition, valuation and categorization. This technology empowers 
inventors, entrepreneurs, researchers, and investors to search for the next big idea. 

InnVenn Status and Features 
The version 1.1 release in September 2017 includes numerous interface improvements and capabilities. 



Loci’s Unique Solution 
 
 

 
 
 11 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

The v1.1 improvements help the InnVenn platform to enhance its ability to uniquely position 
novel ideas and to organize the search process. It contains a new system for managing searches 
called projects. Users can initiate an unlimited number of projects, and can search for various patents 
and claims within separate projects, organizing and search results within each project. Another major 
improvement enables users to toggle the primary keyword search on and off within secondary 
searches. This allows for a unique search process where the user can clearly identify what results 
exist within the three secondary searches that are not within the primary search. This differentiates 
InnVenn from every other search process in the market and allows users to dig deeper into relevant 
results. Finally, there is the capability for users to create patent claims within the InnVenn platform. 
This claim process is designed to be the first step in a provisional patent application and allows users 
to define their inventions, upload relevant drawings and select and display saved result sets that 
define the novelty of their claims. 

 
The version 1.2 release in November 2017 includes blockchain integration with Ethereum and bidding process for IP  

 
The new capabilities with the v1.2 release mark a critical evolution in the InnVenn platform.  

Posting disclosure event data to the Ethereum blockchain is now possible as well as paying for that 
process via LOCIcoin and monitoring its progress.  A DApp is currently in development to view the 
data posted simply within the platform as well.  Also notable among the improvements to the UI and 
process, is the bidding process where a user can place a bid for any IP that is found within the 
InnVenn platform.  This is fundamental to the overall exchange of IP that is possible within the 
platform. 

 
InnVenn Competitors 
 

InnVenn’s visual mapping and concurrent search tool is a significant improvement over what 
its competitors have developed. Four key competitors, Evalueserve’s Treparel, Innography, Mapegy 
and Intellixir exist in the patent visualization space, yet none of them make use of crowdsourcing or 
blockchain technology. 
  
Loci and its patented technologies in the InnVenn platform are poised to change the way the world 
invents.



Blockchain Implementation 
 
 

 
 
 12 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

Loci’s vision is to create a new global and transparent invention registry system and 
database founded on the power of blockchain technology. This cannot currently be deemed an 
official registry, but Loci’s intent is to work with patent offices over time to streamline their 
processes. It is worth noting that this has been the plan for the InnVenn system since its inception 
and the conceptualization of its original patent in 2008. Specifically, the original InnVenn patent 
described a system for immutable tracking of disclosures but used a different database scheme than 
blockchain, as blockchain as a technology was not widely used. The Loci patent details the storage of 
disclosures in an immutable basis, a key trait of blockchain technology. The patent describes a 
cryptologic security mechanism for distributed disclosure and concept information for ensuring that 
the database cannot be corrupted. 
 

Blockchain has added strength and vigor to the technology underlying the Loci platform and 
has tremendous potential to revolutionize IP on a global scale. The smart contract mechanisms, 
security models for distributed information, and the immutability of stored data inherent in blockchain 
are what distinguish the Loci platform. By means of blockchain technology Loci provides a platform 
that marks proof of concept on a given date and time. While it is not realistic to believe that 
governments will adopt the larger vision – where a claim may be so fully defined in Loci and recorded 
on a blockchain that can be submitted to the PTO automatically and accepted – any time soon, Loci 
has devised plans to leverage the benefits of this technology and to move the invention process out 
of the bureaucratic dark ages one step at a time.  This plan leverages the 12-month grace period 
granted by the USPTO for the filing of a patent application following a public disclosure. 
 
Loci uses blockchain technology to take a concept to market more securely, efficiently and 
effectively. 
 

The first step in this process for an InnVenn user is to determine whether he or she can prove 
the novelty of his or her invention and meet the other statutory requirements necessary to begin a 
formal patent application. The user can access InnVenn to refine his or her concept or invention to 
ensure that it stands apart from other products that have already been patented or are in the patent 
process. The user then has an option to disclose publicly his or her claim to an invention. By entering 
a claim on the InnVenn platform other inventors within the system are blocked from claiming the 
same space. This crowdsourcing model inevitably enables other InnVenn users to discover the 
original user’s disclosure by searching for related ideas. When another user reads the written 
disclosure within InnVenn, Loci creates a third-party verification event which reinforces that the 
disclosure occurred and is publicly viewable. 
 
 



Blockchain Implementation 

 
 13 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

The next step in the process is to package information about the disclosure event and the 
verification event to ready it for the blockchain. This information includes the unique ID, date and time 
of the claim creation and the disclosure event as well as the inventor’s user ID through KYC as 
protection against bots. All of this is hashed using the industry standard SHA256 encryption 
algorithm, and then stored on the Ethereum blockchain. 

Currently, proving novelty and satisfying the other requirements necessary to begin the filing 
process requires that an applicant to contrast his or her patent with all other existing similar 
disclosures – patents, documents, etc. – that the applicant has stumbled upon or that the patent 
office has found, even if they are not yet published patent applications. Through the blockchain 
integration process, Loci enables the user to keep track of his or her inventive ideas on the platform 
by tracking and differentiating the novelty of his or her invention. This can be accomplished by 
building searches that would expose similar concepts. 

It is very important to note that the InnVenn platform can be used without allowing a claim 
created in the system to be marked as searchable. Even prior to staking a public claim, adding 
concepts to the InnVenn system will assist an inventor’s attorney begin the provisional patent 
process. Attorneys and clients are able to leverage the benefits of saved results containing relevant 
prior art and search histories for proving novelty and to directly communicate this information with 
one another.  This system is designed to work in conjunction with current patent processes and 
procedures without the use of blockchain technology. As global patent processes change, the 
blockchain integration will become key to the development of investment pools process and IP 
marketplaces, and users will have many incentives to utilize the blockchain utility mechanisms. 

Users are incentivized to proceed with the staking process because it is required along with 
the disclosure event for Loci to sell or license the idea through our network of purchasing partners 
irrespective of the patenting process.  Blockchain staking will also create immutable proof of 
disclosure that can be used in defense of ongoing patent filings during the 12-month grace period.



Market Opportunities 
 
 

 
 
 14 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

Those working in industries where an understanding of the landscape of innovation is crucial 
are Loci's primary demographic. This includes IP attorneys, enterprise IP managers, business 
strategists, investors, inventors, patent researchers, and patent offices. It is important to note that 
anyone with a good idea can benefit from using InnVenn to perform previously costly research such 
as prior art searches. 
 

After opting into inclusion in the Loci database, inventors and their inventions are discoverable 
to those who are in a given field. Because this process is open to view, audit, and is vetted in real time 
by the experts themselves, Loci has been informed that the database itself is viewed by the USPTO as 
a public database of patents, products, publications, and new ideas, and thus a legitimate location for 
public disclosure. Thus, the research alone, if sufficiently detailed to be seen as a public disclosure 
under the law, is made a form of prior art. 

 
Attorneys and legal professionals can use InnVenn just as inventors do. They can also use the 

same tools for legal research and publication search. This will be an invaluable tool in deciphering the 
portfolios of their clients and strategic acquisitions. The information added during the study of 
portfolios aids Loci by defining the network of business IP portfolios that was previously confidential 
and complex. 
  
Trends in the Market 
 

As technological development continues to accelerate, so should the IP industry. The IP 
landscape now is almost unrecognizable from what it was even a decade ago. Some companies, 
including Apple, Tesla and Google, have released an increasing number of free, open source 
applications, with hopes that the resulting innovation will release a wave of value. Other companies 
have become increasingly vigilant of protecting even the most minor IP possessions, trolling for even 
the most minor violations. 

 
The USPTO has been feeling the pressure of a changing IP environment for years. With 

industries like crowdsourcing, machine learning, predictive analytics, and link analysis expanding with 
unprecedented speed the ability to keep pace is clearly falling short. It is unclear how regulation will 
shape these markets in the future, but many experts think that the “first to file” or the defunct “first to 
invent” systems will inevitably transition to “first to discover.” Others question the very viability of the 
patent system as we now know it. Loci has prepared for multiple regulation changes and has 
anticipated numerous scenarios which have been defined and addressed in its own patent. Loci has 
many close relationships with government officials in and around the USPTO and the government to 
learn from and assist on legislative direction. 

 



Market Opportunities 
 
 

 
 
 15 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

In addition to domestic business and government trends, global innovation is also supporting 
Loci's growth. In particular, new technological trends like cryptocurrency, blockchain, machine 
learning, and artificial intelligence are making society more connected, data collection more relevant, 
and banking less necessary. These developments suggest that the global system of commerce is 
rapidly becoming prime for large scale disruption. 
 

1. Inventors and Entrepreneurs 
Inventors and entrepreneurs can utilize Loci technology to avoid expensive attorney 
fees while conducting early research and quickly form a more appropriate opinion of the 
viability of their prospective patents. It takes only a single instance of prior art to 
destroy an inventor’s dreams. Typically, prior art and patentability searches cost 
between $2,000 to $100,000 which yield, at most, searches that are 70% 
comprehensive. It is simply not easy to form a relevance ranking on a patent with 
traditional search techniques. Inventors often go into debt to raise the funds necessary 
to traverse the patent process. Using InnVenn, inventors can discover applicable uses 
and connections to prior inventions, and find new applications of their inventions. 
Inventors will also benefit from the much quicker and safer alternative InnVenn provides 
in monetizing on their intellectual property. 

2. Intellectual Property Attorneys 
Intellectual property attorneys are critical players in the Loci ecosystem and enhance 
the potential of Loci's platform. Using Loci’s quick and comprehensive search 
technology, they can save time and money usually required for the traditional, 
convoluted prior art and novelty searches. Intellectual property law firms and their 
networks have been a large majority of InnVenn’s early adopters. Intellectual property 
firms are also a key target group as they will be working with Loci as affiliates to help 
offer InnVenn to their clients. As their clients will now be able to use Loci both to 
complete their own prior art and novelty searches and to discover patentable ideas, law 
firms to pursue more high- margin litigation and prosecution business. 

3. Corporate Researchers and Analysts 
Businesses all over the world waste substantial resources with failed technologies, 
internal inefficiencies, litigation, and delays in getting to market. As much as 70 percent 
of the funds allocated to R&D are routinely wasted though waste and inefficiency. 
Corporations will save billions of dollars wasted on ineffective R&D by using InnVenn to 
focus on and mapped voids with areas ripe for innovation they can focus on, the spaces 
between identified patents in the marketplace, known as “whitespace.” This will enable 
businesses to focus on development strategy instead of inefficiently duplicating 
research and potentially incurring the high costs of litigation. Furthermore, they will be 
empowered to expand and secure their IP portfolios by offering licenses to inventors 



Market Opportunities 
 
 

 
 
 16 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

who have performed research and developed products in the specific areas into which 
they hope to expand. 

4. Investors 
Investors have long desired to invest in products earlier and with less risk. Loci's 
proprietary analysis of the real-time competitive landscape, market disrupting 
technology discoveries, and valuations can help investors to make substantially more 
informed use of their funds. Investors will be able to efficiently allocate their resources 
to mapped out whitespace with significantly increased market success rates. It is a 
common statistic that 9 of every 10 businesses fail within the first year. This 
encourages investors either to remain risk averse, sticking with very low-risk models of 
proven sales and traction figures, or to seek the next big thing, the proverbial “unicorn.”  
These behaviors limit investment in incremental innovation, businesses in very 
promising, but perhaps not as highly profitable technologies (think “Moneyball” with 
inventions instead of baseball). 



The Exchange in Motion 

 
 17 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

Loci’s ecosystem is designed to connect multiple user bases and LOCIcoin is the integral 
utility token for the buying and selling of intellectual property.  

Placing Bids on IP with LOCIcoin 

      InnVenn allows platform users the ability to place a bid on any intellectual property found within 
InnVenn with LOCIcoin tokens. This includes inventions claimed and native to the InnVenn ecosystem 
as well as existing active patents. Users are prompted to place the maximum bid for an intellectual 
property item of interest.   For bids placed on inventions staked on the platform, Loci will analyze the 
value of the IP and reach out to the invention owner with the valuation at or below the maximum bid. 
If accepted, Loci will purchase the invention on behalf of the bidder and transfer ownership to the 
successful bidder.  All of which is done anonymously as the owners of the inventions and buyers are 
kept private. For existing patents, Loci will then reach out to the owner or agent on behalf of the 



The Exchange in Motion 
 
 

 
 
 18 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

bidder and connect the two parties if there is mutual interest. To be clear, Loci will not negotiate and 
broker this kind of deal as Loci is not a patent agent. 

 
 
Consortiums & Investment Pools 
  

Consortiums are a grouping of inventions or ideas that may be established by the collaboration 
and crowdsourcing efforts. The actual inventions or ideas may or may not be directly related. Loci’s 
technology and expertise may also help create potential consortiums by recognizing the connections 
between disparate fields of interest to create a previously undiscovered technology and product 
portfolio. For example, if someone created a handheld medical scanner in 2005, then the smartphone 
is invented in 2007, our algorithms could realize that there is an opportunity to create a smartphone 
that has a medical scanner built into it for the medical market. 
 

Investment pools provide investment funds to Consortiums. An investment pool is created to 
contact the inventors, as consortiums, for investing or licensing ideas to other companies. 
Investment pools are focused, interested in specific startup types or application of technologies. 
Investment pools could allow various types of licensing deals to be done with consortiums and 
creates two major effects: First, companies are able to invest in inventions that may have been 
previously overlooked, significantly reducing corporate R&D costs. Second, inventors can begin to 



The Exchange in Motion 

 
 19 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

profit from their inventions more quickly without having to raise (or risk) capital to further develop 
their ideas before they can be sold or licensed. It should be noted that regulation will determine the 
exact extent and structure to which investment pools may operate. Currently, Loci has been approved 
to sell investment pools in totality at a “market speculated price.



Leadership 
 

 
 
 21 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

 
 

John Wise, CEO, is the patent industry subject matter expert (SME). He has been dedicated to 
bringing simplicity and transparency to the patent industry for years. He has worked on the patent for 
“System and Method for Fuzzy Concept Mapping, Voting Ontology Crowd Sourcing, and Technology 
Prediction.” The original idea for the system came back in 2008, and he managed to file the 
application four years later. John imagined the capability for blockchain, without knowing the 
technology at the time. Before Satoshi Nakamoto's white paper, John had imagined a process for a 
decentralized network and consensus, where democratized suggestions enabled investment pools to 
be created in a fluid and collaborative nature. He has committed 9 years to revolutionizing the patent 
industry, demonstrated by his patent fuzzy concept mapping. 
 

Eric Ross, Director of Technology, was a software developer for more than 10 years and 
worked for a wide variety of companies and utilized various technologies as a consultant. He then 
moved into management and now specializes in managing technical people and projects, although he 
cannot help but continue to code. He has a B.S. in applied physics/computers from Grove City 
College. He brings considerable experience with development and a technical mindset for 
implementation to the table and is key to our ability to execute the vision of the company. 

 



Leadership 
 

 
 
 22 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

Brian Hwang, the Director of Operations, brings a purpose-driven leadership to the team and is 
a huge advocate of the company's mission to empower inventors and innovators. Brian has a diverse 
experience and expertise in the areas of strategic partnerships, business development, and 
operations to the team. He is an alumnus of University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign with dual B.S. 
degrees in Finance and Accountancy. He has worked in a wide range of large companies and 
industries including Johnson & Johnson, GE Capital, and Ernst & Young. He also oversaw the 
development and growth of small businesses and startups. 
  

Harjit Singh is the Lead Backend Developer. Harjit brings his skills and expertise in machine 
learning to the Loci team. He uses Java, spark, and scala. He currently leads a team of three backend 
developers. 
 

In addition to the management team, there are very strong technical and support personnel in 
place with Loci. There is currently a total of four backend developers, five frontend developers, 1 QA 
analyst, 1 web designer, 2 web programmers as well as several other developers who have been a 
part of the project over the years. Collectively these developers bring their expertise in machine 
learning, blockchain, predictive analytics, web design, web programming and software architecture. 
On the operations and administrative side, the team is also very strong and has been able to function 
at a high level to support the technical side and grow opportunities with affiliates and other partner 
companies. Loci has also many accomplished advisors that help with the overall business strategy 
and partner companies including IP law firms and inventor organizations. 
 

 



Loci Economic Model 
 
 

 
 
 23 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

Loci’s economic model can be referenced in the Economic Model whitepaper for more details. 
However, there are a few key points to mention here. The foundation’s reserved tokens are to be used 
primarily to acquire IP in the InnVenn platform or bounties. This is a crucial component but can be 
capital intensive. The tokens not in circulation must exist to underpin the value of the currency in 
circulation with the IP assets. If the balance of currency in/out of circulation does not maintain an 
equilibrium at full scale, there will be a risk of over/under inflation. To protect against this, Loci has 
built in several redundancies to the economic structure. 
 

1. The model is akin to a body of water (currency in circulation), and a cloud (LOCIcoin out of 
circulation). As water evaporates out of the body when LOCIcoin tokens are purchased from 
the markets by those seeking to acquire IP with them, it saturates the cloud until it can hold no 
more. This threshold for Loci is half of total supply of LOCIcoin. Loci will NEVER be able to 
hold on to more than half of the LOCIcoin supply for long. The foundation will also never be 
able to sell tokens in the secondary markets. In the event that transactional volumes are low 
but prices are high on the asset side, Loci could theoretically have an excess beyond half of 
the total LOCIcoin supply. When this occurs, Loci will “airdop” tokens to inventors that have 
current staked inventions on the blockchain. This is similar to a “proof-of-stake” dividend 
structure, whereas an inventor with 10 inventions staked on the Loci blockchain that have not 
sold, will receive ten times the LOCIcoin compared to an inventor with 1 invention. This is 
intended to reward or refund inventors that have committed inventions but have not sold them. 
Additionally, it incentivizes people to submit more inventions to the network. This is essentially 
“Idea Crypto-Mining”. 

 
2. Loci will create a non-profit organization for the sole purpose of funding research and 

development. This organization’s operating structure will restrict it to only donations of tokens 
with the intent of introducing IP assets to the exchange from people who couldn’t originally 
afford to contribute. This organization serves as a redundancy on the asset side of the 



Loci Economic Model 
 
 

 
 
 24 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

exchange. In times of stagnation, it will continue the flow of assets and transactions. The 
organization will be managed by a Loci board member as to additionally maintain a fiduciary 
responsibility to the marketplace. This mechanism will be built into the organization’s smart 
contract and legal contract. 

3. John Wise, Loci’s CEO will receive 2.5M of the LOCIcoin created. However, he will be restricted 
with a sale cap of only 500,000 LOCIcoin a year. Because John is the President/Chairman of 
the Board, he carries a fiduciary responsibility to stabilize the markets on the currency side. 
Should the majority of currency in circulation be held up in asset transactions, he will be 
contractually bound to liquidate his holdings and relieve the gridlock. This will be built into his 
smart contract and legal contract. 



 
 25 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

Conclusion 

Loci’s vision is to help create a paradigm shift in how ideas are valued. This vision did not just 
happen overnight. Loci’s own granted patent dates back almost a decade since it was first theorized 
and lays the technological foundation and roadmap of the InnVenn platform. Loci’s development 
team has worked hard over the years to create what is already a viable, working product. The patent 
search and visualization tool has been proven to significantly reduce the time and frustrations of the 
traditionally convoluted patent search process.

Loci envisions a future where innovation is democratized. Individual and small teams of 
inspired inventors should have equal access to the discovery of new innovation and its economic 
benefits as any large corporation. The current global invention system is risky, chaotic, expensive, 
and limits the progress and speed of innovation. 

Loci has experienced the flaws of this system firsthand while obtaining its own granted patent. 
Loci's InnVenn platform will revolutionize the intellectual property search and claiming process while 
drastically cutting down the prohibitive costs for inventors as well as making the jobs of intellectual 
property researchers, attorneys, and developers far simpler. The billions of dollars wasted each year 
on unsuccessful R&D can be reinvested into further innovation. With the application of blockchain 
technology to our platform, we can assure that anyone can defend their rights to their intellectual 
property. The Loci community will speed up the emergence of new technologies and can empower a 
new generation of inventors. 

Thinking Better. Together. 



References 

 
 26 

Loci 
Whitepaper 

[1] “Patents as Signals for Startup Financing” Annamaria Conti, Jerry Thursby, and Marie C.
Thursby (2013). NBER Working Paper No. 19191. “Patents as Quality Signals? The
implications for financing constraints on R&D” Dirk Czarnitzki, Bronwyn H. Hall, and
Hanna Hottenrott (2014). NBER Working Paper No. 19947

[2] “High Technology Entrepreneurs and the Patent System: Results of the 2008 Berkeley
Patent Survey” Stuart J.H. Graham, Robert P. Merges, Pamela Samuelson, and Ted. M
Sichelman. (2009)

[3] “U.S. Patent Statistics Chart Calendar Years 1963 - 2015.” U.S. Patent Statistics
Summary Table, Calendar Years 1963 to 2014, 06/2015 update. Available at
https://www.uspto.gov/web/offices/ac/ido/oeip/taf/us_stat.htm

[4] “35 U.S. Code Part I - UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE.” LII / Legal
Information Institute. Available at
http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/html/uscode35/us...

[5] WIPO. IP Facts and Figures. Available at
http://www.wipo.int/pressroom/en/articles/2016/article_0017.html

[6] “How much does a patent cost? | Richards Patent Law Firm.” Richards Patent Law.
Available at https://www.richardspatentlaw.com/faq/how-much-does-a-patent-cost/.

[7] “2016 PWC Patent Litigation Study”


	Loci is poised to change the way the world thinks and invents
	InnVenn helps inventors make the next big discovery
	LOCIcoin could play an integral part in the paradigm shift in how ideas are valued and exchanged
	Seeing Where Your Idea Stands with InnVenn
	InnVenn Status and Features
	The version 1.1 release in September 2017 includes numerous interface improvements and capabilities.
	The version 1.2 release in November 2017 includes blockchain integration with Ethereum and bidding process for IP
	InnVenn Competitors
	Loci uses blockchain technology to take a concept to market more securely, efficiently and effectively.
	Thinking Better. Together.



