














































Lunes-Whitepaper (EN).indd


White paper



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

1. Responsibilities disclaimer
2. Executive Summary
 2.1 The digital coin
 2.2 Fundraising for startups and companies
 2.3 Payment gateway
 2.4 Digital register offi  ce
3. Introduction
4. Basic Information about Blockchain Technology
 4.1 Blocks and transactions
 4.1 Lunes Node
 4.3 The Proof-of-Stake system
5.Leasing 
6.Lunes Wallet
 6.1 Mobile Lunes Wallet
 6.2 Lunes Wallet Features
  6.2.1 Lunes Market
  6.2.2 Alert Module
  6.2.3 Multi Coins Management System
  6.2.4 Card Expenses Management
  6.2.5 Payment of invoices and Mobile Phone Top-up
7.Lunes Truth
 7.1 Authenticity Records
 7.2 What can be registered with Lunes Truth?
 7.3 Does Lunes Truth have legal validity?
 7.4 Lunes Identity
 7.5 Plans
8.Starting Point
 8.1 What is token?
9.Smart Contract
10.Lunes Market
 10.1 How does it work?
11.Lunes Prepaid Card
12.Private Label
 12.1 Private Label Credit Card
 12.2 Prepaid Private Label Card
 12.3 Private Label - Private Tokens
13.Card Payment Terminal
14.Payment Gateway
15.Business Model
 15.1 Target Segments 
 15.2 Main Activity
 15.3 Revenue Sources 
 15.4 Market Branches
 15.5 Communication and Distribution Channels
16.Unique and Innovative
17.Tokens Distribution
18.Initial Coin Offering (ICO)
 18.1 Pre-ICO
 18.2 ICO Prices
 18.3 Lunes Schedule
19.Resources / Funds Distribution
20.Roadmap
21.Team
22.References
23.Glossary

Summary

3
3
3
3
4
4
5
5
5
6
6
7
8
8
9
9
9

10
10
10
11
11
12
12
13
13
14
15
16
17
17
18
18
18
19
19
19
20
20
21
21
22
22
23
23
24
24
24
25
25
25
26
27
28
29



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

1.Responsibilities 
Disclaimer

 Attention! The current white paper is for informative purposes only. Its content is not a sales promotion 
nor an offer of securities or fi nancial securities. Read the document carefully to understand how the Lunes 
Platform works.

 Potential token buyers should carefully evaluate the risks and uncertainties associated with 
cryptocurrencies and familiarize themselves with all the information in this document before conducting any 
business.

3

 2.1 LUNES – THE DIGITAL COIN
 
 The technology of blockchain is one of the most promising that exist 
today, ranging from smart contracts to the creation and commercialization of 
cryptocurrencies.

 In the last few years, this market has been expanding in a surprising way, 
solving several problems with its decentralization and speed. Today, it is possible to 
make several records, payments, and even raise funds for companies by using this 
technology.

 The cryptocurrency market has already surpassed the value of renowned 
companies such as Facebook and Amazon.

 Cryptocurrencies are not only only a solution for depreciating currencies, such 
as USD, but also for our daily life. For being decentralized, safe, fast and low (or no) cost 
in transactions, these currencies exceeded the value of US $600 billion at the end of 
2017.

 Although this market is in constant and wide expansion, most cryptocurrencies 
have a complicated process of acquisition and negotiation. The wallets offered today 
are often poor in terms of usability, and they offer few resources.

 With all these obstacles, the experience for new users becomes diffi  cult and 
creates unnecessary uncertainty. Many users end up in fear and avoid this market as a 
whole due to the risk of being scammed.

 The Lunes Platform is a solution to the complications. Lunes has the resources 
for anybody interested in the crypto world, ranging from beginners to advanced users. 
Its design was created to facilitate and offer practicality, simplicity and intelligence.

2.Executive
Summary



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

2.3 PAYMENT GATEWAY
 
 E-commerce continues to grow exponentially each year. Currently, there are 
approximately 20 million digital stores in the world, and this number is expected to 
increase at a rate of 26% each year.

 It is estimated that the total turnover(sales) of these e-commerce businesses in 
2017 exceeded USD $2.1 trillion, 10.5% increase compared to 2016 (USD $1.9 trillion).

 This is great news for cryptocurrencies as blockchain technology and 
E-commerce are complementary to each other. 

 Through the Lunes Payment Gateway, it is possible to receive payments via 
cryptocurrencies, which can be processed by using a physical card or through sending 
cryptocurrencies themselves.

 With very attractive rates/fees for the consumer and for the company, the Lunes 
Platform is a solution for traditional retailers who wish to receive their payment in digital 
coins.

4

2.4 DIGITAL REGISTER OFFICE
 
 In most countries, register offi  ces are crucially important to ensure the 
development and security of civil acts. From birth to death, citizens are required to use 
certifi cates in various situations, and these certifi cates must comply with the legal 
requirements.

 Lunes Truth plans to test the power of the blockchain in this area. Aiming to 
cheapen, simplify, and de-bureaucratize the notarial processes, the Lunes Truth works 
as a digital registry that makes it feasible for companies and people to carry out 
authentic records in a safe, fast, and totally decentralized method.

 The annual billing of Brazilian registry offi  ces reaches billions of reais (Brazilian 
currency). Amid this profi table and very bureaucratic market, the Lunes Truth service 
provides an alternative to help facilitate the lives of its users.

 As you continue to read the whitepaper, there will be more information to learn 
more about each of the tools offered by Lunes Platform.

2.2 FUNDRAISING FOR STARTUPS AND COMPANIES

 Crowdfunding has become one of the best ways to fundraise. It is a great 
business model in which people get together to fi nance a particular project in exchange 
for some kind of return or just for the pleasure of helping others.

 Today, many entrepreneurs and startups face diffi  culties in raising capital and 
expanding their business or launching a new product or service. The Lunes Platform 
will help these businesses to be able to allocate resources and funds by creating 
tokens.



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

3.Introduction

 This document was created to present all the information of the projects on the Lunes Platform. White 
paper was created to settle all the doubts of customers, investors and partners interested in doing business on 
our platform, or using our solution to eliminate the problems that we propose to solve.

 Lunes is a platform that provides a set of solutions that is decentralized by utilizing blockchain 
technology: such as creating tokens, authenticity records, and making payment processing possible through our 
gateway operators by using “fi at” currencies and cryptocurrencies.

 This makes it possible to take blockchain technology to the general public in an uncomplicated way via 
the web, mobile, and desktop platforms.

5

4.Basic Information about
Blockchain Technology

 Blockchain is a data structure that represents the record of transaction histories. Each transaction 
performed is digitally signed and encrypted ensuring the authenticity, integrity, and security of the data.

 The Lunes blockchain was written using the Scala programming language and has implemented proof-
of-stake as a network consensus mechanism.

4.1 BLOCKS AND TRANSACTIONS
 
 This technology was initially created by Satoshi Nakamoto for the digital 
Bitcoin currency. It was the very fi rst “cryptocurrency” to ever exist and offer 
decentralization. As blockchain technology advanced, transactions are not only limited 
to fi nancial needs but has vast capabilities.

 With its advancement, it has been utilized in several other branches, such 
as tourism, hospital, fi nancial entities, automobile industries, and others. It has been 
proven to have great benefi ts for the technological community.

 The technology employed in Lunes allows the registration of any information 
in digital format. With blockchain technology, it is possible to distribute the digital 
information without it being copied in order to avoid fraud. 

 Same as other cryptocurrencies, the transaction record is constructed and 
stored in a series of blocks, called the Blockchain or trust protocol. This record provides 
a permanent history of transactions and also saves the order in which they occurred. A 
copy of the blockchain is maintained on each node on the network.

 The subsequent blocks are generated based on unique and unpredictable 
information from the previous block. These blocks bind on the basis of this data, 
creating a chain of blocks (and transactions), which can be traced back to the Genesis 
block.



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

4.2 LUNES NODES
 
 The term node in cryptocurrencies usually refers to the software of wallets. 
A “Full node” is nothing but a digital wallet where a full and updated copy of 
cryptocurrency chains are maintained. This node connects with blockchain to validate 
transactions and blocks. Therefore, the network is kept safe and in a healthy condition 
for its operation. The more nodes connected, the more secure and stable the network 
is.
                                                   
 A node is a network component, which contributes to validating transactions 
and blocks on the Lunes network. Each node in the network has the ability to process 
and transmit transactions and information from the block.

 The blocks are validated as they are received from other nodes. However, in 
some cases, block validation can fail.  When it does, the nodes enter the “blacklist”  
temporarily to prevent the propagation of invalid blocks.

 A Lunes Node is likely to generate a block based on the amount of lunes that 
are kept in the users wallet, making it a complete Proof of Stake(PoS) system.

6

 In Lunes, the blockchain is based on the technology of Waves NG, which 
implements the concept of key blocks, which are referenced by micro blocks, increasing 
the speed and the volume of transactions.

 Key block generation time is 60 seconds and micro blocks will take only a few 
seconds. The maximum capacity for each key block will be 65.5 thousand transactions.

4.3 THE PROOF-OF-STAKE SYSTEM
 
 PoS mining works with randomness to decide who will be the creator of the 
next block. Similar to a raffl  e, each coin has its equal share, so whoever has more coins 
has a larger stake in this draw, increasing the probability to be the creator of that block.

 The adoption of PoS is an attractive feature for cryptocurrencies due to being 
more effi  cient in terms of electricity consumption compared to Proof of Work (PoW). 
PoS has an incentive of holding more coins due to increasing the probability of being 
selected. PoW is dependent on equipment to “mine” coins and there is no incentive to 
holding, so miners tend to dump their coins.

 The term used for the blocks in PoS mining is “forged block,” whereas PoW 
names it “mined block.”

 The reward distribution in the PoS system varies greatly according to the 
currency algorithm. In certain currencies, the reimbursement for the creation of a new 
block is distributed in a proportional way to the existing quantity.

 In Lunes, with the system of leased Proof-of-Stake (LPoS), there is no creation 
of new coins for each block because all the coins are already generated in the 
distribution of the ICO. Therefore, the mining rewards will be from the transaction fees 
of that block.

 To have a chance to generate a block, the miner should have a minimum 
amount of 5000 lunes staking in their wallet.



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

7

5.Leasing

 Leasing means granting the power to forge a block to a network user by lending the Lunes coins that are 
in your wallet. This allows any user to participate in the forge process with any amount of Lunes. Participants do 
not need to have 5000+ Lunes in order to have a chance to generate a block if they lease their Lunes coins.

 The process works as if it were a loan from their currencies to the forgers. However they are able to 
keep total control over their funds and it is possible to cancel the lease at any time.

Through the leasing 
process, the user can lend 
its coins to a node owner. 

This allow any user to 
forge without creating a 

node.

Common users can 
forge coins. Being reward for 

keeping its coins in 
leasing.

 The rewards obtained by a node are shared with those who have leased their lunes tokens. This 
generates competition between the nodes to offer more attractive rewards, creating a relationship between the 
lender and tenant.

 Only a Lunes Node can make the process of building blocks, and these can receive more forge power 
from their users through the leasing process.

 The Lunes uses a system in which each “coin” in a wallet can be used as a tiny forging equipment. The 
more tokens kept in the wallet, the greater the likelihood of the wallet earning the rights to generate a block.

 The “reward” received as a result of block generation is the sum of the rates of transactions located 
within that block.

 Currently, the return rates for leasing are approximately 5% per year.



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

8

6.Lunes
Wallet

 The release of the Lunes platform ICO is going to be done through our web and mobile wallet that are 
going to be available before the start of the ICO.

 The Lunes wallet is the safest way for the user to store their Lunes coins and also other 
cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and Litecoin. In addition, the portfolio offers multiple services such 
as Block explorer, leasing, voting system, Lunes Market, payment of invoices, and management of debit cards.

 The wallet is going to be made available on the Web, Android, IOS and Desktop platforms.

6.1 MOBILE - LUNES WALLET 
 
 The Lunes wallet is developed with a focus on security and being a fl exible 
wallet. The users have total control over their coins and access to their assets at any 
time.

 To make a transaction on the blockchain, the user must perform a digital 
signature of their cryptocurrencies using a secret code, commonly known as a private 
key.

 In the Lunes wallet, the private keys are owned by the user. Although the private 
keys are saved on the Lunes Platform database, the user has full access to them at any 
time. Also, the keys are encrypted and can only be decrypted by the owner. The owner 
is able to decrypt the private key by using a PIN or fi ngerprint. Once decrypted, they may 
access their wallet information such as transactions.

 The mobile wallet is considered to be lightweight because it does not need to 
store all the transactions of the blockchain. It could also be called as a “light client”. It 
only communicates with the network to send/receive transactions and data, delegating 
the validation of transactions to the cryptocurrency’s network.

 When it comes to the backup system, it is intuitive and simple. The wallet 
generates a set of 12 words, called “seed words”, which is unique for each wallet. 
The seed words are used to recover the wallet and should be stored safely, preferably 
offl  ine, in a physical device.

 In the event of loss or exchange of a smartphone that has the Lunes wallet 
installed, the wallet can be restored to another device, as the keys are linked to the 
user’s registration on Lunes Platform and not the physical device.

 The easiest way for a user to recover a wallet is through their email registered 
on the Lunes Platform or by inserting the seed words to make a backup and restoring 
their private keys. This will allow them to access their wallet and continue to make 
transactions and have full access to their cryptocurrency.

 The sending and receiving of cryptocurrencies is simple and straightforward. 
The user can either enter the address manually or scan a QR Code. The Lunes Wallet 
then quickly sends the transactions to the network. The block explorer is available for 



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

9

constant monitoring of the transaction’s  confi rmations on the blockchain.

 Transaction rates are calculated dynamically according to network congestion, 
preventing the transaction from being pending without confi rmations or paying 
excessive fees.

 The Lunes ICO will be conducted using the web wallet and mobile wallet. Once 
a user stores Bitcoin or Ethereum in the wallet, they can simply buy Lunes tokens. The 
coins will be distributed at the end of the ICO.

 The wallet also provides several features for the user. As mentioned previously, 
the wallet is fl exible and can be customized according to the users needs. 

6.2 Lunes Wallet features

6.2.1 LUNES MARKET
 
 Inside the Lunes Wallet, there will be an exchange market where the users can 
change their cryptocurrency. Although there is an “exchange” within the wallet, the 
funds will be fully independent in order to ensure better security for the user. 

 Balances on a users’ wallets are archived locally for security purposes. 
However, users will be able to transfer balances from their wallet onto the exchange 
market, allowing them to trade on the exchange without exposing their wallet as a 
whole. This feature allows them to do everything on the Lunes Wallet app without 
having to access multiple websites.

 By the end of the project roadmap, the exchange market available in the 
portfolio will become 100% decentralized, further raising the security of the resources. 
Users will also be able to schedule purchases and sell orders so they don’t miss any 
trading opportunities.

6.2.2 ALERT MODULE
 
 The value alert module has been specially designed for users who like to 
track of currency values or to trade. Through this tool, the user can monitor the market 
dynamically, without the need to install multiple applications.

Follow several coins

Multiple alarms with triggers in values or percentages

Notifi cations on the Android/iOS status bar



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

10

6.2.3 MULTI COINS MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

 Another feature on the Lunes Wallet is the multi coin management system. This 
allows the user to store various cryptocurrencies on the wallet.

 The tokens created within Lunes Platform blockchain will have automatic 
support in the application. Support for other cryptocurrencies will be added in the 
future.

6.2.4 CARD EXPENSES MANAGEMENT
 
 The user will be able to manage and monitor all activities on their prepaid 
card. Expenses, balance, and recharges will be within the palm of the user’s hand. 
Users will also be able to manage their private label tokens, which are given through 
the Lunes loyalty program. In case of loss of the card, the user can cancel the card 
through the app itself. User will also be able to recharge their prepaid card with existing 
cryptocurrencies in the wallet, instead of having to make an additional purchase.

6.2.5 PAYMENT OF INVOICES AND MOBILE PHONE TOP-UP
 
 Payment services for invoices and cell top-up are going to be available only in 
Brazil. The users of the Lunes Wallet can quickly and safely pay for this service with 
their cryptocurrency. The wallet will also provide a thorough history of their payments.

 The payment can be made by scanning the barcode or by typing their own 
phone number. There will be a small fee in order to execute the payment due to the 
Lunes Platform liquidating the payment of the desired cryptocurrency into reais 
(Brazilian currency).

 The long-term goal is to provide several other services, such as TED, for the 
convenience of users.

The user scan or 
type the invoice 

barcode.

The value in 
cryptocurrency 

needed to pay the 
invoice, and Lunes 

fees, is deducted of 
its wallet.

Lunes pay the 
invoice in the bank 

system. 



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

7.Lunes
Truth

 The Lunes Truth works as a digital register offi  ce on our own blockchain and allows companies and 
people to make authentic records by utilizing a safe, fast, and totally decentralized system.

 Our system has a set of secure algorithms that allows the user to be registered permanently and 
without risk on our platform. However, there is a small fee to pay when logging or signing one of our plans.
Thus, we will use our cryptocurrency, Lunes, as the fuel for the validation of registers within our unchanging 
blockchain network.

 The annual revenue of a traditional Brazilian register offi  ce exceeds the value of R$ 200 million, and the 
overall sum of all these establishments in Brazil is in the billions.

 In 2015, the total collection reached was R$12 billion, the state with the largest profi t was São Paulo, 
followed by Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro.

 The goal of the Lunes Truth is to use cutting-edge technology to cheapen, simplify, and reduce 
bureaucracy that currently exists when using a register offi  ce.

7.1 AUTHENTICITY RECORDS
 
 Another feature of the Lunes Wallet is being able to register documents. These 
documents will be recorded as a digital format with a timestamp to show authenticity 
and proof. Any type of document will be able to be stored on the blockchain whether it 
be art, declarations, proposals, reports contracts, etc. 

 The immutable and transparent nature of the blockchain allows applications to 
prove the existence of a fi le or document at a certain moment in time.

 Some solutions are already being used as a type of digital copyright through 
blockchain technology. Users generate a ‘ hash ‘ – File identifi er code – which is based 
on the binary content of it and serves as a single fi ngerprint, recording that information 
within the blockchain.

Users generate a ‘ hash ‘ – File identifi er 
code – which is based on the binary 
content of it and serves as a single 
fi ngerprint.

Recording that 
information within the 
blockchain.

11

‘ h h ‘ l d



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

 Blockchains which allow the recording of arbitrary messages, can be used for 
this purpose, since strings can be embedded in transactions in a special fi eld.

 Each block has a time record (timestamp), and each hash represents a specifi c 
fi le (changing a single character from a document or a pixel of an image results in a 
completely different hash).

 This is the necessary proof that the fi le actually existed at the time the hash 
was loaded.

7.2 WHAT CAN BE RECORDED WITHIN LUNES TRUTH?
 
 The possibilities are really vast; books, music, sheet music, video, contracts, 
certifi cates, projects, monographs, and many other documents that require 
authentication such as proof of authorship or validation.

 The Lunes Truth can be extended to store copyrighted documents such as 
music, books, and videos. It will also be able to register the physical conditions of 
properties or even rental cars before they are delivered to the client.

 Through the Lunes Truth, users will be able to make contract records using 
their digital signature. They will be able to establish contracts effi  ciently in a few steps. 
The user may also launch a contract on the platform where the signatories can be 
authenticated by the blockchain of lunes. Another example of the variety of service 
applications provided by Lunes Truth is the validation of certifi cates by schools, 
courses, and trainings.

7.3 DOES LUNES TRUTH HAVE LEGAL VALIDITY?
 
 The Lunes Truth has full legal validity under Brazilian and international law. 
According to provisional measure MP 2200/2001, provided that both parties agree to 
the use of digital certifi cation in their due model, it is considered valid.

 It is also stated under the Brazilian civil code, Article 107, that “the validity of 
the declaration of will shall not depend on a special way, except when the law expressly 
requires.” This means that the method of registration or declaration is not in the law, 
therefore making it valid when both parties agree.

Art. 10. Public or private documents, for all legal purposes, are considered to be  electronic 
documents to which this provisional measure is addressed.

§ 2 The provisions of this provisional measure shall not preclude the use of another means 
of attesting the authorship and integrity of documents in electronic form, including those 
using certifi cates not issued by ICP-Brasil, provided that they are accepted by the parties 
as valid or accepted by the person to whom the document is opposed.

12



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

 In terms of international legality, several laws and jurisdictions support 
the validity of the process, the example of UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic 
signatures, which aims to effect and facilitate the use of digital signatures, through the 
establishment of criteria of technical reliability by equivalence between the digital and 
manual signature.

 There are still others such as Electronic signatures in Global and National 
Commerce Act, federal law approved by the United States Congress and the Personal 
information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, a Canadian law related to 
information privacy.

7.4 LUNES IDENTITY
 
 Through our applications, we can verify the identity of our users. After the 
complete registration, the system creates a blockchain identity that is in the possession 
of the user.

 If the user wants, he can include personal information and defi ne if they want 
this information to be public on the Lunes platform.

 Using this unique identity, the user can perform actions on the platform, such 
as signing contracts through the app or through the website.

 In the case of authentic registration, it would be a great idea for the user to 
have information linked to the documents registered, such as an e-mail or a company’s 
trademark.

 The user will have access through the website or the app Lunes Identity, which 
will be made available through Web platforms, Android, and IOS.

7.5 PLANS
 
 We intend to make the digital register offi  ce, Lunes Truth, available so that any 
person or company can use the services offered at an affordable and fair price.

 The customer can use the Lunes platform or integrate with our API into their 
system, being a fully fl exible solution to any business modality, enabling the company to 
use our authenticity services in a scalable way, all at minimal costs.
 

Users who have Lunes Identity will 
be able to make their records with 
the “loose” plan, in which there will 
be no monthly fee. Only one payment 
per registration will have to be made 
within the platform.

LOOSE CORPORATE

This modality is directed to companies 
or other online services that require a 
volume of authenticity records, which 
can be applied in various activities and 
actions.

13



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

8. Starting
Point

 One of the main goals of the Lunes Platform is to foster and innovate the process of fundraising through 
Initial Coin offering (ICOs). The possibilities of this modality of fundraising for projects and companies is just 
the beginning.

 Today, there is a great debate happening worldwide about this disruptive modality of fundraising. There 
are many that think of ICOs as a great innovate way to fundraise while many despise it.

 Many people dislike ICOs due to various reasons; lack of transparency, non-effective project deliveries, 
scams, frauds and other dozens of related problems. Due to these problems, many projects that show potentials 
have been pushed away from the market. Also, causing many investors to lose interest.

 For this reason, we have developed the Starting Point. It is a portal where a project will be able to 
conduct an ICO and create a token only when a vote is made by users of the Lunes Platform. Users will be able 
to leave an evaluation of the project. In simple terms, ICOs will be rated by the community.

 The vote will be transparent, decentralized, and recorded through transactions on the blockchain of the 
Lunes Platform. That way, any user will be able to verify their suitability.

 Our goal is that, with these measures, we can generate good practices throughout the maturation of the 
process, increasing the amount of quality projects using total decentralized and transparent regulations.

 These standards will be validated by the network itself, in order to create a healthy environment for 
investors and reduce the risk of investing in projects that are just conducting an ICO for the money. We intend to 
become a reference in the market for launching projects and fundraising.

 Launching a project using Starting Point will also offer advantages to the project creators. They will 
be able to create a profi le for the project, where they can disclose design characteristics, the development 
roadmap, the team members, and other information that is essential for the community to evaluate the project.

 The creator will be able to provide a number of tokens to encourage users to vote on their project. Also, 
a portion of the tokens paid as fees will also be distributed as incentives for voting.

 The projects on the Lunes Platform will have a life cycle, with a date of creation and a set deadline for 
community evaluations. Once the evaluations are submitted, the creator of the project will distribute or cancel 
the distribution of tokens according to the communities decision.

 Projects that are approved by the community will be assigned a score. The score will be calculated by a 
formula that weighs the amount of votes in favor of the project, the amount of lunes coins in stake or leasing in 
the voter’s wallet, and the reputation system.

 The reputation system will assign an individual score to each user. This score will be attributed by the 
assertiveness of the approval or disapproval of projects. When the voter’s opinion is in agreement with the total 
community of voters, the user’s reputation will increase and will receive more rewards as they put more effort 
into their evaluations. For example, if they voter disagrees with a project and the project is disapproved, his 
reputation will increase.

 The scoring formula was designed to ensure the safety and quality of project evaluations, avoiding 
spam and repetitions of votes and giving greater relevance to the community’s most active evaluators.

 Those who vote and evaluate a project fi rst will earn a reputation bonus, as their opinion will infl uence 

14



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

the opinions of following voters.

 Once evaluators place their vote, they can leave a comment about the project. The comment may also 
receive votes from the community, which will increase the reputation of the evaluator. The more participatory, 
agile, and consistent their evaluations are, the higher their reputation will be.

 On Starting Point, the best projects with high scores from the community vote will be highlighted and 
distinguished from other projects.

 Once a project is launched, the creator will be able to keep the community updated through updating 
information on the project’s profi le page.

 In the future, projects will be able to include milestones for additional distribution of tokens in the event 
of community voting approval, when deadlines are met, and when terms on smart contracts are met.
The application of this procedure will be quick and effi  cient.

The user creates 
a token, which 
allow it to be 
listed on the 
Starting Point.

Then records all 
the information 
about the project 
and publish it.

When the project is 
published, the vote 
process is started.

The community 
will evaluate 
the project 
with positive or 
negative votes.

If in the end of votation period the 
most part of the votes are positive, 
the project will be approved and listed 
to fundraising on the platform.

8.1 WHAT IS TOKEN?
 
 Tokens are cryptocurrencies that are created on an already existing blockchain. 
For example, tokens are registered and stored on the intellectual property of the creator 
of the blockchain. Users of the Lunes Platform will be able to create tokens on the 
already existing blockchain.

 The goal of the Lunes Platform is to make it simple and easy for users with 
no previous knowledge to be able to create their own digital token. With access to all 
the technology developed by the Lunes project, users will be able to create tokens on 
our blockchain with small costs. The whole process can be completed in less than a 

15



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

minute, as Lunes is designed to make token provisioning as simple as possible.

 The simplicity that the Lunes Platform is aiming for will be a great solution for 
companies that have no previous knowledge on blockchain technology but want to use 
it.

9.Smart
Contract

 With the recent popularization of the cryptocurrencies, it has become possible to create ways to 
strengthen negotiations and contract performances in order to provide reliability in transactions.

 Blockchain uses smart contracts, which are automatic agreements in which the parties involved defi ne 
the terms independently without the need for agreement or brokerage by third parties, such as intermediaries or 
lawyers.

 Blockchain technology also uses multi-level encryption to ensure document security. Smart contracts 
also allows two or more parties to create contracts autonomously. It uses an algorithm that defi nes the 
clauses, conditions, and punishments of both parties and then is executed automatically, according to the pre-
established parameters.

 There are several clauses that may be included in a contract, such as the double deposit method. 
This method is used in order to protect both parties involved in the contract. Unless both parties come to an 
agreement before the contract expires, the funds are “burned” and cannot be accessible ever.

 Another option is the Oracle contract which is data dissemination service providers that share data that 
can be used within the smart contract. An example would be to use it for fi nancial services such as auctions 
where it will collect all the bids and select the highest bid automatically at the end of the auction.

 Smart contracts are crucial in blockchain technology as it is the factor that generates independent trust 
between both parties, even among anonymous people.

16

10.Lunes
Market

 To understand the importance of a decentralized exchange, it is critical to know the security and 
reliability issues that the centralized model brings to the cryptocurrency market. In the conventional exchange 
market, all users’ assets are in the guardianship of a third party, which is usually the exchange itself, making 
these platforms a great target of hackers who seek vulnerabilities to invade and plunder assets.

 Another harmful factor is the lack of reliability of leaving values allocated in their hand, as they can, 
overnight, remove their sites and disappear with the client’s capital. Depending on the situation, that person has 
no one to turn to.



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

10.1 HOW DOES IT WORK?
 
 The idea behind decentralized exchanges is that the user’s tokens and 
cryptocurrencies are not stored by third-parties. This allows the user to have full control 
and security over their funds and investments. Decentralized transactions on these 
exchanges occur directly between users (peer to peer). 

 This allows the user to be directly in control of their currencies and able to 
negotiate in an automated and transparent manner.

 The rate of each exchange market transaction will be low and can also be 
adjusted according to the volume of user negotiations.

When a user creates 
a buy or sell order.

That order is recorded in a service 
called Matcher, which runs on a 
Lunes node

And performs the 
transfer on the 
blockchain.

Buy order Sell order

17

 Some famous cases of invasion or disappearance of resources took place in the centralized exchange 
already consolidated in the market, such as Poloniex, Bittrex, MtGox and others.  
       
 The Lunes Market proposal is totally different from the models that are available, such as the obsolete 
systems of centralized exchanges that dominate the market. Our exchange is decentralized and fully integrated 
into blockchain lunes.

 At Lunes market, users will be able to trade the tokens created within the Lunes platform, in addition to 
cryptocurrencies as Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum and others, all in a decentralized way, with the user having full 
control of their keys and tokens, different from the process in a traditional exchange.

 A token can be used to bring an existing cryptocurrency as an active in Lunes Market. In the case of 
Bitcoin, users can deposit and withdraw Bitcoin directly via Lunes client.

 The bitcoins exist in blockchain lunes as a token called LBTC and are paired 1:1 with other real digital 
coins in a multi-signature portfolio managed by a gateway.

 This approach can be implemented for any cryptocurrency and our initial focus is to provide the gateway 
between BTC, ETH and LTC.



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

11.Lunes 
Prepaid Card

12.Private
Label

 With the Lunes prepaid card, the user will be able to add credits by paying with Lunes or Bitcoin by 
simply using their mobile wallet or online Lunes platform. Even people that are not familiar with cryptocurrency 
will be able use it due to its simplicity. This allows the user to be able to use their digital funds and assets for 
any physical business to purchase whatever they need.

 Private label card is a type of credit card issued by a retailer and commonly valid only for purchases 
from establishments of this retailer.

 This service is growing in the retail segment. According to the data from the Brazilian Association of 
Credit Card Companies and Services (ABECS), these cards account for more than 12% of the total billing of 
credit cards in Brazil. Furthermore, Packaged Facts (the leading market research publisher) estimated that a 
total of US $108.6 billion were moved through private label cards in 2013 in the United States.

 When offering private label cards, the store generates greater customer loyalty. These do not need to 
tamper with your bank history or worry about the credit card limit because the store itself can provide credit 
limits and differentiated discounts. The shopkeeper who offers this type of service to his clients helps satisfy 
populations that do not use bank services (about 40% of Brazilians). By utilizing private label cards, retailers will 
be able to see the growth in number of customers and sales.

12.1 PRIVATE LABEL CREDIT CARD
 
 On the Lunes Platform, the invoices for these cards can be paid with Lunes 
or other cryptocurrencies on the platform, by depositing at a bank, or directly with the 
retailer. 

 These cards can also have their own visual identity customized by retailers to 
advertise their company and create a loyalty program to provide incentive to their loyal 
customers. Examples of incentives would be discounts on their next purchase or a free 
meal when they have accumulated enough points.

 Credits/Points will be stored in the form of tokens on the Lunes network, 
bringing gains in relation to transaction costs, which do not require using the traditional 
banking network. This way, it reduces the complexity of managing the loyalty program, 
as it will automatically be fully integrated into the private label cards.

18



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

12.2 PREPAID PRIVATE LABEL CARD

 The Lunes Private Label Prepaid card is going to allow the retailer to have more 
control over his cashier, generate special discounts for customers, and eliminate the 
problem of defaults.

 This will be done by creating a loyalty network with long-term relationships 
with customers, increasing their sales and leveraging their profi ts. The card will be 
processed on utilizing blockchain technology on the Lunes Platform.

 The tool is excellent for use in networks and franchises as a form of payment 
and loyalty. In this case, the cryptocurrency can also be used as a trading currency in 
the merchants’ Wallet in TEFs and POS.

12.3 PRIVATE LABEL | PRIVATE TOKENS

 Private Label and Private Tokens are one of the innovative features listed on 
the Lunes Platform. It is a great method for retailers to create a loyalty program for 
their customers. It also drastically reduces the fees that retailers have to pay when 
microtransactions are made. By utilizing Private Label and Private Tokens, retailers will 
have multiple options for their payment systems and also provide autonomy. 

 Utilizing the Private Label on the Lunes Platform allows retailers to not worry 
about converting their Private Tokens or cryptocurrency into fi at. Retailers will be able 
to convert their funds through the Lunes Platform

19

13.Card Payment
Terminal

 The Lunes card machine will be a modern device, with a low-cost appliance for formal and informal 
traders. It will allow them to have access to markets with the best rates.

 The user can take the device anywhere, as it can be connected to the internet via Wi-Fi or GPS, allowing 
them to receive payments from any location at any time. 

 The device is very compact and lightweight. It will be able to receive a variety of payment methods such 
as traditional credit cards and debit cards, as well as cryptocurrencies such as Lunes and Bitcoin. 

 The user will also be able to choose if they want to receive those cryptocurrencies in fi at or keep it as a 
digital currency. 



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

14.Lunes Payment
Gateway

 The payment gateway is an interface that transmits data swiftly and securely between customers and 
retailers by using Lunes. The Lunes Gateway is an excellent facilitator for companies that do online business, 
whether it is an e-commerce, marketplace, app, digital game, and many more.

 Through this gateway, payments will be processed with cryptocurrency or credit card. The fees charged 
by the service are very small, which makes our solution advantageous compared to others in the market.

 Lunes Gateway will also protect customer information through encryption, ensuring that the data can 
safely travel between the client terminal for the vendor and seller of Lunes.

 The payment will be deposited into the seller’s wallet and the seller may choose to receive in it in fi at 
or digital currencies. This information is then stored, allowing the trader to have a listing of all transactions 
performed.

20

15.Business
Model

 The potential Bitcoin has brought to the world with the application of blockchain and all its disruptive, 
philosophical, and economical technological arrangements has enabled any individual to be in control of their 
resources in a safe and inclusive way.

 This breakout in blockchain technology has allowed users to gain fi nancial and technological freedom 
to break the paradigms and centralization of capital and information. The rise of the digital assets market as a 
trading currency is starting to be adopted worldwide and its potential continues to grow each year.

 But undoubtedly, in order for the mass adoption of cryptocurrencies and blockchain by people and 
companies to become a reality, there needs to be more solutions to make the transition smooth and effi  cient.

 Therefore, it is necessary to increase awareness of the technology in the market for people who are 
unaware or cannot understand the intrinsic value of the technological revolution provided by blockchain. 

 Blockchain technology needs to be more user-friendly and accessible for people who are not familiar 
with tech.

 We, Lunes, understand these diffi  culties and are not seeking to be another fi ntech that runs behind the 
construction of new technological arrangements. Our goal is to use the power of blockchain and smart contract 
to bring solutions to everyone in an easy-to-use manner.

 Our goal is to promote technology that can be accessible by any person. We will strive to help retailers 
establish their business so that they can make cryptocurrencies a method of payment. We will make it possible 
for the consumer to make daily transactions in a safe and friendly way, with a unique experience. We will also 
generate a set of resources to solve problems in society through the use of blockchain technology.



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

Decentralized digital registry

Exchange market

Creating tokens

Fundraising

Payment Gateway

Commercial automation equipment

21

This will be done by offering solutions such as:

15.1 TARGET SEGMENT
 
 All these products and services were built and will be build in order to convey 
safety and practicality to people and retailers who are not familiar with technology, 
providing cost reduction and increase in storage digitally.

15.2 MAIN ACTIVITY
 
 
 FINANCIAL PROCESSING

 We are focused on developing a set of comprehensive and sustainable 
solutions as a business, using blockchain. In our regional market, the Latin American, 
we are the fi rst to develop and deliver these solutions, differentiating and distancing 
ourselves from any other project.

 AUTHENTICITY RECORD

 All these products and services were built and will be build in order to convey 
safety and practicality to people and retailers who are not familiar with technology, 
providing cost reduction and increase in storage digitally.

 FUNDRAISING

 Through our modern and innovative ICO system, using Starting Point, we offer 
a system of fundraising in the form of token creation, enabling anyone to capitalize 
on their ideas or their business and by giving opportunity for visibility and contribution 
through support of their community.



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

15.3 REVENUE SOURCES

 RATES ON USE, DEPLOYMENT AND MAINTENANCE OF SERVICES AND 
PRODUCTS

 Fees are going to be paid and converted into revenue through services such 
as Wallet Lunes, Lunes Market, and Starting Point. Other sources of revenue will come 
from the rates of deployment and maintenance of services and products, such as the 
Private Label and payment gateway. Transaction fees from using our machines and 
prepaid card will also be converted.

 SUBSCRIPTIONS OF SERVICES

 Lunes Truth will have services with subscriptions that offer service signature 
systems.

 PROOF OF AUTHENTICITY

 Lunes Truth also has a service that provides proof of authenticity without 
charging the user monthly but by per record.

22

15.4 MARKET BRANCHES
 
REGISTER OFFICES (At Brazil)

Revenue of R$11.4 billion between 2005 and 2014.
Forecast of 87% increase in tariffs in 2018.

FUNDRAISING

Brazil: R$ 11 billion in 2017.
Europe: € 16.2  billion in 2016. 
India: US$ 4 billion in 2016. And about US$ 1.46 billion, in Q1 2017.
Africa: US$ 129 million, in 2016.

CRYPTOCURRENCIES - FUNDRAISING

The total market capitalization of cryptocurrencies was US$ 612.9 billion in 2017.

PAYMENT GATEWAYS 

Asia Pacifi c: US$ 2.36 billion in 2016.
Europe, Middle East and Africa: US$ 8.94 billion, up to 2021.
Americas: US$ 6.19 billion in 2016. US$ 12.78 billion, up to 2021.
Estimate for 2024 is US$ 1.7 trillion.

CARD PAYMENT TERMINAL, PRIVATE LABEL, PREPAID CARD

Card payment terminal: Expectation of achieving R$ 1.5 trillion in transactions up to 
2020.
Private label: Amazon reached about US$ 450 million in sales of its Private Label in 
2017.
Prepaid card: Projection of reaching US$ 3.1 trillion up to 2022.



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

23

15.5 COMMUNICATION AND DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS

 The Lunes Platform has multiple communication channels that are easily 
accessible on our website. We will communicate through platforms such as service 
sites, Facebook, Twitter, Medium, BitcoinTalk, Telegram, and LinkedIn.

 We will and currently are generating campaigns to spread news of our 
technology in order to reach the target audience for each product and service.

 In addition to a strong online performance for the distribution and growth of 
the use of our services and products, we are working on a solid structure of strategic 
partners for the expansion of services in the retail networks and in the service sectors.

 Our main means of communication and distribution to the client will be through 
creative advertising and marketing campaigns in the digital media. We will utilize 
search engines, websites, social marketing, and email marketing in order to attract 
prospective customers.

16.Unique and
Inovative

 Lunes is a digital coin based on blockchain technology but also provides solutions for fi nancial and 
proof of authenticity issues. The growth of the use of cryptocurrency is rising exponentially and is being adopted 
worldwide. There are already 18.5 million Blockchain.info wallets and 12 million Coinbase users. As blockchain 
technology continues to be adopted, the growth of cryptocurrencies will increase even more. However, the 
current market is not user-friendly and easily accessible for many.

 This is where the Lunes Platform will be a game changer. Lunes Platform is focused on using a 
revolutionary design to make it easier for new and veteran users. All products of the Lunes Platform seek to 
solve problems in a practical and simple method. Even if the user does not have any experience with blockchain 
or with cryptocurrencies, he will be able to use the platform as there are clear explanations to what each product 
is focusing on solving.

 We are also currently creating a specialized support team that will be available to answer any questions 
and provide support to the users. In addition, the Lunes platform will bring intelligent process management with 
the aim to meet the needs of retailers and consumers.

 Starting Point is an excellent example of support provided by the community within the Lunes Platform. 
Lunes Platform will also be the fi rst company in the world to offer Private Label credit cards, which will greatly 
reduce the fees paid by retailers for transactions. Many more management features for retailers will be coming!

 By utilizing blockchain technology the Lunes Platform will deliver high speed transactions that will 
be effective in saving bandwidth and increasing the speed of building blocks.This will signifi cantly reduce the 
delays when performing microtransactions on other blockchain systems.

 Revolutionary design, fl awless aesthetics, and usability targeted for novice and advanced users are just 
a few problems the platform aims to solve. With intelligent management, high-speed transactions, and many 
more features, Lunes will revolutionize the digital market.



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

24

17.Tokens
Distribution

18.Initial Coin
Offering (ICO)

 The total number of coins created for the Lunes Platform is 600 million. No more coins will be created.

 21% of the coins will be utilized for the development team, company cashier for future investments, 
community awards on social networks, and partnership consolidation processes.

 79% will be available for the ICO.

 Below is the detailed distribution:

 ICO is a modern, innovative, and decentralized fundraising method for cryptocurrency projects and 
enterprises that can be characterized as an advanced crowdfunding system.

 The process and concept are similar to that of an Initial Public Offering (IPO) that is used in the stock 
exchange world. Both the ICO and the IPO aim to raise capital, but in the ICO, the return of the investments will 
be in digital coins or tokens.

Accounts

Reserve Fund
Strategic Partners
Development Team
Social Network
ICO

Amount
(in millions)

102
9

29
10

450

Percentage (%)

17
1.5

4.83
1.67
75

18.1 PRE-ICO
 
 The Pre-ICO is the token sales warm-up that occurs before an ICO. During this 
stage, it is possible to obtain the assets at a price below what will be marketed during 
an ICO. This is a great opportunity for investors to obtain an excellent valuation.



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

25

18.2 ICO PRICE

 The process of trading the tokens will be divided into four stages, two during 
the pre-ICO and two during the ICO. If the ICO does not reach the desired maximum cap, 
the remaining balance of the tokens will be burned.

 There will be four stages for the ICO:

18.3 LUNES SCHEDULE

Pre-ICO: February 25th until March 30th.

ICO: April 15th until May 30th.

There will be no requirement of a minimum purchase so that variety of investors will be 
able to purchase and participate in the ICO. On the other hand, there will be a maximum 
purchase that will limit the amount of tokens an investor can purchase.

Pre-ICO 83 million $0,01 + 30% bonus
110 million $0.08 + 20% bonus
160 million $0.15 + 10% bonus

97 million $0.30 + 5% bonus

ICO
ICO

ICO

Limit of 300 thousand per investor
Limit of 10 Million per investor
Limit of 20 Million per investor

Limit of 30 Million per investor

19.Resources/Funds
Distribution

  The resources and funds that will be collected during the ICO process will be used to expand 
the development team, purchase card machines from the manufacturer, legal adjustments of acquiring fi nancial 
payments, structuring of departments of fi nancial and accounting management, support and attendance, legal 
department, server infrastructure, and marketing. 

 We follow a solid structure while focusing on the quality of the team, adjusting to follow the roadmap as 
planned.

 Here is how the funds and resources will be distributed:

30%
40%

20%

5%

1%

4%

Administrative
Development

Infrastructure

Operational

Legal

Marketing



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

20.Roadmap

Launch of 
hybrid wallet

Beta
iOS and Android

Pre ICO 
Starting

Starting Activities | 
Mainnet and Testnet 

Launch
After ICO fi nished

Starting Point 
Decentralized audit 

1 Authenticity Records WEB
2 Blockexplorer Special for registration.
3 Authenticity Records App
4 Explorer Embedded 
5 Market Lunes Site 
6 Market Lunes App

1 Vote via Blockchain 
2 Criteria for ICO voting and creating  
3 Process monitoring 
4 Auditors Bonus Process
5 Creation of tokens

Hybrid
wallet

Web

Hybrid
wallet

Windows and Linux

Fiat Currency 
exchange

Lunes Market

File Management; 
Cloud Record of 

Authenticity

Lunes Credit 
Card

Card payment 
Terminal

Debit Card 
Private Label 

Lunes

Payment Gateway 
Launch (BRL)

Payment Gateway launch 
(Dollar and Euro)

Prepaid Card 
Lunes

Github

25
02
18

Q2
18

Q3
18

Q4
18

Q1
19

Q2
19

Q3
19

Q4
19

31
01
18

26



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

21.Team

Lucas M. B. Cardeal 
CEO/Founder

Adriana S. Cardeal
CFO

Elton Sousa 
CBO/Co-founder

Kleberthon G. Hora
Payment Methods 

Director

Wandyer da Silva
Core Developer

Adonias Santos
Communication

Felipe Matheus Rosa
Core Developer

Damião Vieira
UI Designer

Daniel Laurindo
Front-end

Luiz G. Feitosa
Illustrator/ Designer

Felipe Mendes
Marketing

Marcos Lima 
Kirszenblatt 

CIO

Luiz Fernando da Silva
Core Developer

Fellipe Siqueira
Communication

Director

Jorge Lenon Araújo
Business 

Representative

27



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

22.References

https://blockgeeks.com/guides/what-is-blockchain-technology/

http://cryptorials.io/glossary/node/

https://www.erpfl ex.com.br/blog/vendas-b2b

https://br.cointelegraph.com/explained/smart-contracts-explained

http://recomendobitcoin.com.br/2017/04/26/formas-de-mineracao-e-diferenca-entre-pow-pos-poc/

http://www.planalto.gov.br/ccivil_03/mpv/antigas_2001/2200-2.htm

http://www.uncitral.org/uncitral/uncitral_texts/electronic_commerce/2001Model_signatures.html

http://concursos.correioweb.com.br/app/noticias/2016/04/05/noticiasinterna,36154/ja-pensou-em-ser-
tabeliao-cartorios-do-df-arrecadam-mais-de-r-218-mi.shtml

http://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/P-8.6/FullText.html

https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/PLAW-106publ229/pdf/PLAW-106publ229.pdf

http://www.ecommercefoundation.org/in-the-news/press-release-global-ecommerce-country-report-2017

https://www.emarketer.com/Article/Worldwide-Retail-Ecommerce-Sales-Will-Reach-1915-Trillion-This-
Year/1014369

https://www.statista.com/statistics/379046/worldwide-retail-e-commerce-sales/

https://www.statista.com/statistics/288487/forecast-of-global-b2c-e-commerce-growt/

https://blog.nexxera.com/cartoes-private-label/

https://portaldobitcoin.com/criptomoedas-icos-visao-geral-2017/

https://inc42.com/datalab/indian-startup-funding-report-q1-2017/

https://yourstory.com/2016/12/indian-startups-funding-report/

http://disrupt-africa.com/2017/01/number-of-african-tech-startups-funded-rises-17-in-2016/

https://blog.dealroom.co/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/2016-European-Venture-Capital-Report.pdf

https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170307005127/en/Global-Payment-Gateways-Market-Grow-
CAGR-17

http://www.strategyr.com/Marketresearch/Prepaid_Cards_Market_Trends.asp

https://www.cnbc.com/2017/12/20/amazons-private-label-brands-sold-almost-450-million-in-2017.html

https://www.istoedinheiro.com.br/maquina-de-cartoes-do-safra/

28



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

23.Glossary

 If you are a beginner in the world of cryptocurrencies, we recommend reading this small glossary. 
It will help your understanding to examine our whitepaper. If you are already investor or studying other 
cryptocurrencies, maybe this glossary does not need to be read.

Cryptocurrency: Type of virtual currency that uses encryption to ensure more security in online fi nancial 
transactions. They serve to buy products or services on the Internet. They are often also used as a value reserve. 
Transactions can be made for anyone who is anywhere in the world, without a minimum or maximum value limit. 
We often use the name token for a cryptocurrency, but in some cases tokens can have specifi c purposes within 
a system.

Blockchain: It is a ledger, comparable to the book used in Register offi  ces, in its digitized form. Unlike just a 
book, a copy of blockchain can be stored on the computer or device of each of its users.

Smart contract: Smart contracts are written as programming code that can be run on a computer instead of a 
document printed with legal language. This code can defi ne strict rules and consequences in the same way as 
a traditional legal document, establishing the obligations, benefi ts and penalties that may be due to either party 
in various different circumstances. But, unlike a traditional contract, it can also take information as a production 
of other goods, process this information through the rules established in the contract and take any necessary 
measures from it as a result.

Wallet: It is where you can keep your cryptocurrencies. Portfolios used in computer are generally called Web 
wallets and the one used in a smartphone and other mobile devices, are called mobile wallet.

Scala language: It is a relatively new programming language, which can operate along with other popular 
language called java. The scala has good renown, such as be used in sites like twitter and Foursquare.

Proof-of-work: In the cryptocurrencies environment, it is a mathematical operation that must be solved in order 
to have access to a data or service.  When we think of mining in this style, it is as if we have a mathematical 
puzzle, and every block solved, or correctly fi t, a reward is given to the machine that performed the correct 
calculation.

Proof-of-stake: A system that gives rewards to the user who keeps his coins in his wallet.

Explorer: Site or place, in which the transactions between the cryptocurrencies are registered. There you can 
consult the history of shipments and receipts in an online and public way.

Full node: A computer or device that has the full copy of blockchain. When the device accesses the network 
through an intermediary, without having the full copy of the network, we call the device as light client.

Seed: It is the key. It is a general password of your account, which should be very well kept and should never be 
shown to third parties.

29



www.lunes.io
Copyright © 2017 Lunes - Nebulosa, All Rights Reserved

www.lunes.io


