














































new WP


SOCIAL BETTING NETWORK
POWERED BY BLOCKCHAIN



1. Executive summary and vision................................................................................................1

2. Advantages for contributors and token holders.................................................................. 2

3. Market Opportunity................................................................................................................ 4

4. Why Blockchain?..................................................................................................................... 6

5. Marginless solutions to current industry problems............................................................ 7

    5.1. Industry lowest margins

    5.2. Winners are welcomed

    5.3. Clear and transparent rules

    5.4. Quick payouts

    5.5. Friendly KYC

    5.6. Limited amount of betting markets

6. Luxury car raffle.................................................................................................................... 13

7. Marginless Platform..............................................................................................................  15

    7.1. Betting exchange platform

    7.2. Face to face betting

    7.3. Hybrid Oracle solution

    7.4. Live chat

    7.5. Social network integration

    7.6. Mobile app

8. Become a bookmaker............................................................................................................ 20

9. Social network MVP - TipstersHub......................................................................................  22

10. Monthly Jackpot.................................................................................................................. 23

11.  Token and Token Sale information..................................................................................... 24

12. Roadmap............................................................................................................................... 25

13. Affiliate................................................................................................................................. 26

14. Legal disclaimer................................................................................................................... 27

IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

Table of contents



Though technology has evolved beyond belief, the principles of betting remain exactly as 

they were thousands of years ago. In the past, it was more common to place bets against 

another person face to face. This sort of betting was perhaps a bit more intense and 

fueled some emotional involvement, yet it was alive and generated huge amounts of 

satisfaction in case of fortunate outcomes. Marginless will bring the good old times where 

individuals will have an opportunity to place a wager against other people directly on 

almost any sport or other activity. Friends, colleagues and many other sports lovers will 

be able to get back the control of their bets and place them against a real person.

Cleverly developed algorithms seem to rule today‘s betting industry, however, the 

decentralized approach of newly forming blockchain technology based solutions will 

change the way we live - making financial transactions, buying products and… betting.

At Marginless you can not only bet on sports, but create your own bets in different kind 

of niches. The whole team at Marginless is ready to introduce the market leading margins 

along with an incredibly user friendly platform, where all users can share their betting 

insights, place bets against their friends or oppositors without being overcharged or 

simply tricked. We really appreciate your support and trust.

1IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

,,IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.”

LUKAS JONAITIS

Sports betting has a long-lasting history dating back to the Olympic Games which initially 

took place in Greece. The process combines a desire to win with the passion for sports. 

This powerful synergy has created a multibillion dollar industry with its opportunities and 

quirks. Back in the times of Roman Empire betting reached incredible popularity as 

crowds gambled on the outcomes of gladiators fights as well as many other sporting 

events.

FOUNDER & CEO



2IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

ADVANTAGES FOR CONTRIBUTORS 

BEST TOKEN PRICES DURING ICO ROUNDS

LUXURY CAR RAFFLE OR EARLY CONTRIBUTORS

FAST GROWING MARKET

Early contributors will be rewarded by token discounts and possibility to

earn extra rewards through our affiliate system.

Any Marginless contributor, purchasing 5000 MRS Tokens or more will

automatically participate in a BMW X6 raffle. Community will be able to

vote and decide the way raffle draw will be completed. Draw will take

place on June 1st.

Growing 20% annually, sports betting market, is massive and is a perfect

niche for blockchain and cryptocurrencies.

MONTHLY JACKPOT FOR TOKEN HOLDERS

Each month, a part of all collected fees will go towards a monthly

Jackpot that can be won by any Marginless user. Tickets can be

collected by doing various tasks on the website.

OPPORTUNITY TO BECOME A BOOKMAKER

Ever wondered what does it feel to be a bookmaker?

Using our platform absolutely ANYONE can become a bookmaker

and create their own bets that people can wager in.



3IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

INDUSTRY-LOWEST COMMISSIONS

At Marginless, people can bet against each other directly using our MRS

tokens that cost nearly nothing to transfer. Because of that, Marginless

can offer the industry - leading lowest margins.

Marginless tokens and the blockchain allows to confirm payouts

immediately and those payouts will be processed in a couple of minutes!

UNIQUE FACE TO FACE BETTING INTERFACE

Marginless will present a new betting type - Face to Face betting,

where anyone can be challenged! Face To Face betting allows the 2

clashing users with different opinions to bet on a different event

outcome against each other directly.

QUICK PAYOUTS IN TOKENS OR ALTCOINS

YOUR PRIVACY IS YOURS

Marginless platform works with MRS Utility only. With that, KYC

procedure becomes really user-friendly and simple. Our platforms

solutions will offer a simplified registration and will not centrally

store any of your personal information.

NO LIMITATIONS FOR SUCCESSFUL BETTORS

This problem is nonexistent at Marginless. Winners are truly welcomed

here. Even more bettors will be rewarded with monthly Jackpot raffle

tickets for showing good results.

TRANSPARENT AND FAIR RULES

No more worries about bookmakers adjusting your bets or not paying

out your winnings due to hidden rules and regulations.



4IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

MARKET OPPORTUNITY

Sports betting market, in general, is massive. According to different reports, there are 

over a trillion USD worth of bets placed annually. In 2016 alone, legal sports betting 

profits are estimated to be at over 70 billion dollars and this figureure is set to reach 90 

billion dollars this year. Different kinds of ICO s (Initial Coin Offerings) are bringing 

worldwide competition to the betting market, leaving regular gambling organizations in a 

fear of losing clients. We, at Marginless, believe that blockchain and cryptocurrency is 

ideal for betting. Having all of that in mind, here are some of the main facts about betting 

and its growth throughout the years.

EUROPE ASIA AND MIDDLE EAST

M
A

R
K

ET
 S

IZ
E 

IN
 B

IL
LI

O
N

 U
S

D

NORTH AMERICA OTHERS

12.7

2012 2015 2018

18.1

24.7

11.6

14.1

8.6

4.44.8 3.2

9.2

3.9
2.2

10

15

20

25

5

0

Sports betting has become the fastest growing market segment within gambling 

worldwide, and now dominates, accounting for nearly half of the total online market. A 

fifth of sports betting takes place via mobile, and this is expected to reach 45 percent by 

2018. Also, a study, which was conducted by ESPN and the Norwalk research firm 

Markitecture in 2012, found that 50% of all Americans aged 16 and older have placed a 

bet within 12 month period.



5IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

Studies found nearly two-thirds of people in their 20s believe sports betting to be just 

another leisure activity and “no different” than buying a lottery ticket, while 41% see online 

sports betting as “perfectly harmless”.

Traditional sports betting in many locales is driven underground, leading to corruption, 

unfairness, and violence. Marginless offers this untapped market an opportunity to 

choose a safe, private and accessible way to bet through a decentralized blockchain 

technology.

A federally funded national gambling impact study reported in 1999 just as internet sports 

wagering started to take off - that estimates for the overall amount bet on sports were as 

high as 380 Billion a year. The study called sports betting “the most widespread and 

popular form of gambling in America”.

According to Technavio media and entertainment research analysts, one of the top 

trends in the global sports betting market right now is increased availability of other cash 

alternatives, like cryptocurrency.

https://www.statista.com/statistics/270728/market-volume-of-online-gaming-worldwide/

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-817-bn-online-gambling-market-to-2022-by-type-de

viceregion-300520256.html

https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/online-gambling-betting.html



WHY BLOCKCHAIN?

6IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

With the use of blockchain, cryptocurrency provides the speed and anonymity that has 

made cryptocurrency ideal for people looking to wager safely and has given sports 

gamblers an alternative to traditional online books. The speed of cryptocurrency 

transactions makes using cryptocurrency sportsbooks a much safer option to 

everyone than traditional sportsbooks. You can deposit, wager, withdraw, and have your 

money back in an immediate control.

While using the Blockchain, your transactions are fast and cheap, it will reduce high fees 

and will also ensure high levels of international liquidity. Blockchain-based system is 

universal and ideal for any country, so there is no need in modifying the program for 

every region or in adopting specific payment methods. Use of a decentralized system 

eliminates the risk of fraud on the part of sportsbooks, the risk for an account getting 

blocked and problems with withdrawing funds for regular bettors. Also, blockchain 

highly reduces the costs of the infrastructure. Because of that, more funds can be used 

for the project’s development. 



MARGINLESS SOLUTIONS TO CURRENT
INDUSTRY PROBLEMS

7IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

One of the biggest problems that current bettors face is unfair odds. This is one of the 

main reasons why most of regular bettors are struggling to become profitable. The fear 

of regularly losing against bettors while also being regulated, charged and extra taxed by 

governments, forces regular sports books to charge up to 8.5% margin on all placed 

bets. For example, the biggest bookmakers in the world offers odds of 1.83 (on most 

markets) for selections they see as a coinflip. With these odds the bettor, in order to 

become or stay profitable, has to win at least 54,64% of bets placed.

Additionally, those bettors, who manage to beat these unfair margins, are being taxed by 

governments.

Due to the fact that Marginless is operating as a peer-to-peer betting operator and does 

not require huge risk management or a full traders team, bettors will have a possibility to 

place bets with an industry leading 1% that will be charged from those who won only!

For example, Golden State Warriors are playing against Cleveland Cavaliers. Player A 

places a bet of 100 MRS on Golden State Warriors for their win at the odds of 2.00 and 

the bettor is being matched against a Player B, who is betting 100 MRS on Cleveland 

Cavaliers at the odds of 2.00. Whichever team wins, the winner gets 198 MRS in return.

MARGINLESS SOLUTION

PROBLEM #1 - UNFAIR ODDS



8IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

Lets say you place 500 coinflip bets per year, averaging about $100 per bet.

If you win 51% (255) of these bets at 1.83 odds, your LOSS would be exactly - $3335.

If you win 51% (255) of these bets at Marginless your PROFIT would be + $490.

If you win 60% (300) of these bets at 1.83 odds your PROFIT would be exactly +$4900.

If you win 60% (300) of these bets at Marginless your PROFIT would be +$9400.

Also, 10% of the generated margin fees at Marginless goes to the monthly Jackpot

raffle in which every user has the chance to win!

HOW WOULD THE NUMBERS LOOK IF YOUR CURRENT
SPORTS BOOKS USED 1% MARGIN?

MARGINLESS CAN TURN LOSERS INTO WINNERS!

AND WHAT IF YOU ARE ALREADY A WINNER?

PROFITS OF A WINNING BETTOR WOULD BE NEARLY
DOUBLED



9IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

One of the biggest problems that comes in every profitable bettors way is betting 

companies not allowing to place full stakes when they can see that player is constantly 

winning. Even though most of the betting companies are claiming that winners are 

welcomed there, truth is that most of the time only losing players are really welcomed.

Possibility for the bookmakers to regulate your betting can be disguised by different 

terms and conditions.

This problem is nonexistent at Marginless. Winners are truly welcomed here. Even more 

- Marginless will encourage winning players to not only reach profit for themselves, but  

also share their profitable strategies and insights with other users. Bettors will be  

rewarded with monthly Jackpot raffle tickets for not only being active, but for reaching 

different betting goals also, such as winning streaks.

Most of the time, bookmakers leave possibilities to change your betting selections, void 

your winning bets or decline your payouts. Bookmakers can void your winning bet due 

to a spelling error, incorrect odds or for various other different reasons and, in most 

cases, there won’t be anything you can do to get your winnings back. 

No more worries about the bookmakers paying out your winnings. Marginless offers the 

users to bet on events and celebrate winnings exactly after the finish of the event you  

have wagered on.

MARGINLESS SOLUTION

MARGINLESS SOLUTION

PROBLEM #2 - LIMITATIONS FOR WINNING PLAYERS 

PROBLEM #3 - LACK OF TRANSPARENCY



10IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

No more waiting! After the bet is placed and accepted by our moderating staff, your and 

the opposing bettors funds will be held by a contract until the event is finished. After 

that, the information about the bet outcome will be automatically taken from 

independent sources and once the result is confirmed, winnings will be delivered to 

participant's wallets accordingly.

All of the betting information will be stored in the blockchain, which will allow users to:

Due to the fact that regular sportsbooks require help from 3rd party companies to 

transfer funds from your betting account to your bank or wallet payouts tend to take 

long time. Even if your winnings are already transferred out of your betting account, the 

money might not reach your bank warrant for several days, which means you cannot use 

the money in that time interval. Not only that - most of the current bookmakers have 

limits for how much you can withdraw at once or per day.

Keep track of their betting history

Review previous bets

Find ways to improve your betting with our analyzing tools

PROBLEM #4 - LONG PAYOUTS

MARGINLESS WALLET



MARGINLESS SOLUTION

MARGINLESS SOLUTION

11IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

Marginless betting platform is driven by MRS Utility Tokens, which means that in the 

whole betting process Fiat currency is not used at all. The use of Tokens and AltCoins as 

a reward for betting gives you a complete, secure and extremely fast reward payment in 

Tokens or AltCoins. Marginless tokens and the blockcain lets you confirm payouts  

immediately and payouts will be processed in a couple of minutes.

Our partner’s wallet that will be integrated into platform will let you keep your betting 

assets in more than 30 different AltCoins. You will have a possibility to deposit or 

withdraw AltCoins as well.

Regular bookmakers have a really strict KYC procedure which can become problematic, 

especially if they requested it after the bettors wish to withdraw their winnings. In most 

cases, bookmakers allow users to deposit money without any restrictions or KYC 

procedures, but require to complete them before you can withdraw money. It can take 

days or even months until bettor manages to gather all required documents and get 

them accepted, while their winnings are stuck in bookmakers wallet. Also, all of the 

personal data that was sent for identification is always at risk while using regular 

bookmakers - regular cyber-attacks or bookmakers sharing your data with their 

partners.

Marginless platform works with AltCoins. Because of that our KYC procedure is really 

user-friendly and simple. Our platforms solution offers a simplified registration and will 

not store any of your personal information whatsoever. The network is available using 

any internet connection and is not subjected for regulatory oversight.

PROBLEM #5 - LONG KYC PROCEDURE



12IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

MARGINLESS SOLUTION

Most of the time bookmakers from different betting organizations offer wagering 

options strictly in sports, that way forgetting other popular niches that people have big 

interest in. The lack for different types of betting options creates a certain barrier that 

makes betting interesting for a limited sphere of people.

Marginless is offering a perfect solution for this well-known problem - using our platform 

absolutely ANYONE can become a bookmaker and create their own bets that people can 

wager in.

Using our user-friendly interface literally anyone can create their own and unique bets 

where people can wager. For example, such niches like

PROBLEM #6 - LIMITED OPTIONS FOR BETTING ON
DIFFERENT SCENARIOS

Political elections (or politics in general)

Cryptocurrency price changes

Different cultural events



1. Minimal amount of bought MRS tokens, in order to compete in the raffle is 5000 

MRS Tokens.

2. Payment to enter the raffle must be made in advance of the draw date. Any 

payment received after the draw date will be treated as a regular buy.

3. No tickets can be sold to, on behalf of, or for a person under the age of 18 years.

13IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

LUXURY CAR RAFFLE

RAFFLE RULES

Musical or Cinema awards

Sporting events

Product releases

Any Marginless contributor, purchasing 5000 MRS tokens or more (OR equivalent 

in AltCoin) will automatically participate in a BMW X6 raffle

The winner will be announced within 48 hours after the ending of our ICO

Raffle process will be audited by an Audit company.

eSports matches and lineup speculations

And much more



14IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

4. If a ticket is sold unknowingly to, on behalf of, or for a person under the age of 18 they 

will be exempt from the raffle and will forfeit his/her prize and the stake will be returned.

5. Wallet holding 5000 MRS or more will act as your ticket.

6. The Marginless Raffles are open to all world wide residents over the age of 18, except 

employees of Marginless who are directly involved with the raffle, their agencies and 

other companies directly involved in the running of the raffle.

7. To take part in raffle online entrants must be 18 years of age or over.

8. Marginless will run only one raffle draw for a specified vehicle. The draw date is June 

1st, 2018.

9. Participation in this raffle can be made by buying our cryptocurrency (MRS) through 

our website or affiliated websites. 

10. Raffle tickets will be entered into the draw only when the whole payment is received.

11. Marginless takes no responsibility for raffle tickets which are lost, damaged, illegible 

or from which the prize-winner cannot be identified, or of any technical failure or event 

which may cause the competition to be disrupted or corrupted.

12. Any ticket entries received after the closing date may miss entry into the draw and 

therefore will be considered as nonexistent.

13. Raffle tickets will be drawn randomly. Marginless community will have voting power to 

choose method of draw translation.

14. The result of the raffle draw is final. No correspondence will be entered into.

15. Where Marginless is unable to contact a prize-winner so that a prize remains 

unclaimed for 48 hours following Marginless first attempt to notify the prize winner, 

Marginless may apply the prize as it sees fit, including re-offering the prize in the future 

raffles. 

16. All winners are required to cooperate with Marginless right to publish their win as and 

where deemed appropriate, and to provide proof of age when requested.

17. Winner of the raffle will be responsible for all the costs of prize delivery to selected 

location of winner.



15IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

BETTING EXCHANGE PLATFORM

Marginless will operate as a betting exchange platform. Platform users will be able to 

place bets on offered markets with their selected odds or oppose open bets from other

users.

After a bet is placed on offered market, Marginless tokens will be reserved from the 

users wallet until the bet is accepted by another user. The bet can be accepted by several 

users part-by-part or by single user for full stake, which makes the wager automatically

become a Face to Face bet. When the bet is accepted, full or part stake, the specified, 

amount of tokens will be deducted from your and opposing user (-s) wallet with the help 

of contracts and paid out accordingly after the official result of the match is confirmed 

on the platform.

18. In the event of an error, howsoever caused, whether a printing error or otherwise and 

whether obvious or otherwise, which affects the competition in any way, the organizers 

reserve the right to administer the raffle as though the error had not occurred. Where 

the organizers deem it appropriate and/or feasible Marginless will notify entrants of the 

error.

19. Failure to comply with any of these rules may result in the disqualification of the entry. 

Marginless reserves the right to disqualify any entry at their absolute discretion.

MARGINLESS PLATFORM



16IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

FACE TO FACE BETTING

You can cancel your bet or adjust it at any time until the bet is officially accepted. If the 

bet is not accepted until the start of the event -reservation of tokens will be stopped and 

the tokens will become usable again just after the event has started. If only one part of

your bet is opposed, for example, let’s say you stake 100 MRS (Marginless tokens) and 

someone opposes for only 10 MRS, the remaining part will come back to your wallet 

when the match has officially started.

For example: Let’s say you want to place a bet worth 100 MRS on Bitcoin to reach next 

all-time-high before July 2018 at odds of 2.00. All you need to do is to go to the selected 

market screen, select your pick, write in your odds and the preferred amount of tokens.

The 100 MRS will be reserved from your wallet and the bet will be placed on the betting 

exchange where other users will be able to see it as available to lay against. If the 

opposing bet is placed for exactly 100 MRS - tokens from both users wallets will be 

locked by a contract and you will be both placed in to a FACE TO FACE betting interface.

Have you ever made a bet against your friend and heard that your handshake agreement

was official enough to get your winnings, after you clearly won the bet?

Well, you will never have to be in this same situation again. Marginless is proudly 

presenting unique feature - Face to Face betting, where everyone can be challenged! 

Face To Face betting allows clashing users with different opinions to bet directly against

each other. You can send a bet offer to other users with a few simple clicks and after the

bet was accepted by another user - placed bets will be locked using contracts are both  

of you will be placed into a Face to Face betting interface.

In this interface you will be able to chat with each other by using our unique, betting 

related material. You can also offer your opponent to increase the stake or split the pot 

at any given time.

After the event is finished, Marginless platform and the blockchain will ensure that the 

winner gets his/her winnings instantly.



17IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

HYBRID ORACLE SOLUTION

Several blockchain based projects have been trying to implement decentralized Oracles 

that are triggered by public voting as a solution to possible unfairness regarding bet 

resolutions. However this solution is working as intended only in theory. In order to 

manipulate the outcome of a certain betting contract the decentralized Oracle could be 

affected by group of people or a cartel which could deliberately provide false data to 

make a profit from the incorrect execution of the contract resulting from that false data. 

In this solution, in order to defend their bet against an incorrect or fraudulent report by 

the public, the real winner of a bet would have to up their bet by huge amounts to trigger 

re-voting, which is sometimes not possible due to insufficient amount of Tokens required 

to up the bet or simply not wanting to risk extra amounts to get another incorrect report. 

Not only that, public confirmations tend to take days or even weeks, which would be a big 

issue for regular bettors.

While taking all things into consideration Marginless decided to use Hybrid Oracle 

solution that will rather rely on official market sources instead of public voting. Each 

created market will have Hybrid Oracle connected to it that will query independent feeds 

for the outcomes of events. 



18IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

If all queries will provide same result – Hybrid Oracle will resolve the bet accordingly. If 

one or more queries will return with different results – manual check-up will be required 

to avoid wrong pay-outs. As an extra security measure – bettors will be notified about 

the resolutions of bets in an instant manner via web or phone application. However the 

funds will be released only 15 minutes after this notification. This will allow users to report 

wrong outcomes, if there were any to happen.

In very rare cases where even the extra security layers are not enough and funds would 

be distributed incorrectly – actual winners would be compensated from reserves fund.



LIVE CHAT

SOCIAL NETWORK INTEGRATION

19IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

Marginless will offer a live chatting window in every upcoming betting match page. Chat 

will give the users an ability to speak with bettors live. Discuss upcoming matches or just 

talk generally about any topics that comes to your mind.

This way, you can communicate with like-minded people from all around the world, get 

more information about different betting strategies or even make new friends. There will 

be both secret and public chat options for everyone to select.

We, at Marginless, believe that betting should be fun and enjoyed in a group of people 

who share the same love for sports and adrenaline. That is why we see Marginless 

platform as more of a social betting network for enthusiasts rather than just a simple 

betting platform. Our team has years of experience working with betting and social 

networking, knowing all the needs of an everyday bettor for a platform like this.

Each registered user will have a personalized page with a wide variety of betting statistics 

available. Users will be able not to only track their own information on our user-friendly 

system, but also, they will be able to see which leagues, sports or betting matches are the 

most pro able and where the user needs to improve in order to increase his/her overall 

winnings.

All of the users will have the option to make their pro es available for the public and to 

share their betting insights with the community, making the platform useful even for 

those who are only interested in reading expert insights or share their own. On top of that 

everyone sharing their betting insights and analysis with other Marginless users will be 

rewarded with Monthly Jackpot raffle tickets that can be used to win some huge prizes! 

Insights from different users will be seen at the match screen, which will also feature 

extensive stats for different teams, leagues and events.



BECOME A BOOKMAKER

Becoming a bookmaker has never been so easy! Marginless will allow bettors and 

organizations to open their own betting pages under our unique “Become a bookmaker” 

system that will be run with MRS Tokens. This feature will be available only for accounts 

holding 250.000 MRS Tokens or more (subject to change).

20IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

MOBILE APPLICATION
Marginless application - simplest and the 

safest way to bet online. Integrated social 

network and Face to Face betting interface 

will allow bettors to wager against friends or 

other users by only having phone. Bettors 

will be able to send and receive bet offers 

instantly and directly from other app users. 

After the offer is sent, recipient will get a 

notification and will be able to choose 

whether to accept the bet or to decline it. If 

the offer is accepted, both users will be 

placed in a unique Face to Face interface 

where they will be able to track their bet 

progress, chat, increase stakes or split the 

pot if both parties agree. Users will be also 

allowed to follow other tipsters and receive 

push notifications after a certain-followed 

tipster places a public bet or writes an 

analysis. Web wallet functionality will be 

accessible via app too.



Whilst a lot of bettors have the dream of becoming a bookmaker one day – currently this 

dream is reachable only for very few due to platform building and maintenance costs. 

Marginless is here to change that! To finally step into bookmakers’ shoes - all you need to 

do is choose your markets from provided list or even create unique ones, select market 

rules where needed (inclusion/exclusion of overtimes etc.), choose between riskier or 

safer plans by selecting your starting margins and you are good to go!

Marginless platform will provide full events and Hybdrid Oracles integration, 

risk-management and accounting services that are needed for full system usability. All of 

this while charging only up to 5% (subject to change) of monthly gross profit in MRS from 

profitable betting pages. All collected fees will be allocated to further system 

development and maintenance costs.

In order to bet against a betting page owner, other Marginless users will need to transfer 

their MRS Tokens from main wallet into betting page wallet. This process will usually take 

under a minute and there will be no transfer fees.

21IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.



22IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

In 2017 alone, TipstersHub paid out over 200 000 Euros for bettors that were using the 

system, gathering over 10 thousand registrations in Lithuania alone (to put that into a 

perspective, current population in Lithuania is somewhere around 2.7 million only). 

Currently, over 1000 betting tips are being placed in the system daily.

Marginless will integrate several of the main TipstersHub functions into it’s system. 

Bettors will be able to track their betting statistics, share their insights and learn from 

the most professional tipsters by following their betting tips daily.

TipstersHub.com is a social sports 

betting network that allows its 

users to share their insights with 

fellow bettors, keep track of their 

statistics and earn money for doing 

so. TipstersHub was founded in 2015 

by a team of sports betting 

enthusiasts who wanted to provide 

bettors with better chances of 

betting the bookies and their 

unreasonably high margins. It didn’t 

take long for  TipstersHub to 

become the most popular sports 

betting social network in Lithuania. 

SOCIAL NETWORK MVP - TIPSTERSHUB



JACKPOT #1 - ACHIEVEMENTS

JACKPOT #2 - BETTING INSIGHTS

JACKPOT #3 - WAGERED AMOUNTS

Users will receive Jackpot tickets for completing various tasks:

23IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

Every month, 10% of all collected fees will go to a monthly Jackpot that can be won by 

any active bettor or analyzer. Monthly Jackpot will be split into 3 equal parts and will be 

won by three users that participated in our jackpot. For example, we have a 10 000 MRS 

token jackpot. Any user, who has one or more tickets, can join. When the jackpot is over, 

10 000 MRS tokens will be split into three equal parts and will be given randomly to three 

lucky winners.

Tickets will be received for achieving win streaks 

and for also achieving different tasks. Full list of 

tasks will be provided before the launch of our 

Social Betting Network, so don’t forget to regularly 

check our social media and website for updates.

For every 500 MRS wagered throughout the month 

you will receive one ticket. If you wager 1000 MRS 

tokens - you will receive two tickets and so on.

Raffle tickets will be issued for sharing betting 

analysis with other users. What this means is that if 

you share your bet analysis with fellow bettors, you 

will receive one raffle ticket per analysis. With that 

raffle ticket you can join our jackpot.

MONTHLY JACKPOT

ALL
BETS

COLLECTED FEES

10% OF FEES

JACKPOT

ACHIEVENT

BETTING
INSIGHTS

WAGERED
AMOUNT



24IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

TOKEN AND TOKEN SALE INFORMATION

*HARD CAP PRE-ICO = 4 000 ETH

1  MRS = 0.000080 ETH

1 MRS = 0.000083 ETH

APR 11  -  APR 15

APR 10 -  APR 11

APR 15 -  APR 30

1  MRS = 0.000091  ETH APR 30 -  MAY 14

1  MRS = 0.0001  ET H MAY 14 -  MAY 31

1  MRS = 0.000077 ETH-29% Pre-ICO*

50%

10%
5%

5%

10% 70%

Team & Founders
(Locked for 1 year)

Marketing
Reserve

Legal

Accounting
Jackpot

Airdrop / affiliate

Reserves
(Locked for 

180 days)
Token Sale

10%
5%

5% 30%

50%
Development

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION TOKEN ALLOCATION

-25%

-20%

-10%

-0%

SOFT CAP 21 000 ETH4 000 ETH HARD CAP



25IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

ROAD MAP

2015 May

Idea of a social betting network,
where bettorscan share their insights,

track their stats andearn money 
for doing so was born.

TipstersHub Beta launched in
January 2016 and quickly became

the most popular betting social
platform in Baltic countries.

After working with hundreds 
of bettors, our team has made a

list of main issues they face every
day and possible solutions.

Preparations for project
launch began. 

TipstersHub Beta launch

Marginless idea
MVP IDEA

2016 January 2016 July 2017 February

2018 April 11 2018 April 10 2017 November 2017 May

2018 Early Q2 2018 Late Q2 2018 June 1 2018 Early Q3

2019 Q2 2018 Late Q4 2018 Q4 2018 Late Q3

Received first seed injections
from various Angel Investors

and team members . 

First Seed Injections
(150K $)

First public ICO round that will be
available to everyone with bonuses

for early contributors.

Public sale start

A 24 hour round that will offer a
bigger bonuses to those who have

made a reservation prior to
this round (-29%).

Pre-ICO

Several new team members and
endorsers joined team Marginless.

Team and endorsers
expansion

Negotiations with international companies
with previous experience in this

market began.

Start of our
negotiationswith different

developmentpartners

Marginless eSports teams and
brand reveal.

Launch of Marginless
eSports

Alpha version of blockchain-
based betting exchange.

Betting exchange 
alpha

Winner of BMW X6 will be
drawn and announced.

Luxury car
giveaway

Share your insights, follow your
stats and increase your winnings

by using oursocial betting network.

Social betting
network

This function will allow user, holding set
amount of MRS Tokens, to open personal

betting page within Marginless system
where he will be able to accept

bets from other bettors.

Become a bookmaker 

Official launch of platform that
will change betting forever.

Full Marginless
network launch

Access all main Marginless 
functions through your

mobile phone.

iOS/Android
application Bet directly against yourfriends

or fellow bettors.

Face to Face betting



Go to Marginless affiliate page, select reward type and generate unique affiliate link. You 

will receive an e-mail with further instructions from our affiliate partners that will include 

your password to affiliate system.

When user clicks on your link, they will be brought into our ICO landing page and their 

activity will be tracked by our affiliate system partners.

If these users register on our website, they will be marked with your affiliate ID.

Users will receive extra 5% MRS Tokens if registered through affiliate link.

With every amount of payments received from users you have brought to our website to 

take part in the Marginless ICO period, the who invited will be rewarded with a 15% in 

MRS Bonus tokens or 10% in Ethereum.

Example: If a user clicks on your affiliate link and buys 1000 MRS Tokens, YOU will receive 

a 150 MRS commission or 10% equivalent in Ethereum! User that you have invited will 

receive extra 50 MRS Tokens on this purchase.

You will be able to track your performance through our affiliate partners.

HOW DOES THE PROGRAM WORK?

Marginless ICO affiliate program is free to join for everyone. It is easy to sign-up and will 

require no technical knowledge at all.

You can promote Marginless ICO and get rewarded with MRS Tokens or Ethereum.

AFFILIATE

26IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.



WHERE CAN I PUBLISH MY AFFILIATE LINK?

When you join our affiliate program, you will be given a specific affiliate link connect to 

your account. You can place your affiliate link on your websites, social media pages, 

forums, telegram groups, tweets and other platforms. 

Please visit our affiliate page to read full rules and regulations.

PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THIS LEGAL DISCLAIMER. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO 

THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, 

TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR AND DO NOT CONTRIBUTE.

IMPORTANT NOTICE!

LEGAL DISCLAIMER

27IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.



28IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

The purpose of this Whitepaper is to present the Marginless and MRS token to potential 

token holders in connection with the proposed Initial Coin Offering (ICO). The 

information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a 

contractual relationship. Its sole purpose is to provide relevant and reasonable 

information to potential token holders in order for them to determine whether to 

undertake a thorough analysis of the company with the intent of acquiring MRS. Nothing 

in this Whitepaper shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus of any sort or a 

solicitation for investment, nor does it in any way pertain to an offering or a solicitation 

of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction.

This document is not composed in accordance with, and is not subject to, laws or 

regulations of any jurisdiction, which are designed to protect contributors. The product 

token is not a digital currency, security, commodity, or any other kind of financial 

instrument and has not been registered under the securities laws of any country, 

including the securities laws of any jurisdiction in which a potential token holder is a 

resident.

The English language Whitepaper is the primary official source of information about the 

Marginless and MRS. The information contained herein may from time to time be 

translated into other languages or used in the course of written or verbal 

communications with existing and prospective customers, partners etc. In the course of 

such translation or communication some of the information contained herein may be 

lost, corrupted, or misrepresented. The accuracy of such alternative communications 

cannot be guaranteed. In the event of any conflicts or inconsistencies between suck 

translations and communications and this official English language Whitepaper, the 

provisions of this English language original document shall prevail.

Anyone purchasing MRS expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has 

carefully reviewed this Whitepaper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits 

associated with the purchase of MRS.

1.

2.

3.

4.



29IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or 

tax advice regarding Marginless, the MRS, and the Marginless ICO (each as referred to in 

the Whitepaper). You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional 

adviser regarding Marginless and their respective businesses and operations, the MRS, 

and the Marginless ICO (each as referred to in the Whitepaper). You should be aware that 

you may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of tokens for an indefinite 

period of time.

The purchaser of MRS undertakes that she/he understands and has experience of 

cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he fully understands 

the risks associated with ICO as well as the mechanism related to the use of 

cryptocurrencies (incl. storage).

MRS token cannot be used for any purposes other than as provided in this White Paper, 

including but not limited to, any investment, speculative or other financial purposes. MRS 

token confers no other rights in any form, including but not limited to any ownership, 

distribution (including, but not limited to, profit), redemption, liquidation, property 

(including all forms of intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights, other than 

those specifically set forth below. MRS do not grant their holder ownership in the 

Marginless or equity in Marginless or the right to participate in the control, direction, or 

decision making of Marginless. Individuals, business and other organizations shall 

carefully weigh the risks, costs and benefits of acquiring MRS.

According to the professional opinion of our legal advisors, based on the Howey Test our 

MRS should not be deemed as securities and do not need to be registered as a security. 

MRS tokens are not securities.

You acknowledge, understand, and agree that MRS are not securities and are not 

registered with any government entity as a security, and shall not be considered as such. 

You acknowledge, understand, and agree that ownership of MRS does not grant you the 

right to receive profits, income, or other payments or returns arising from the acquisition, 

holding, management or disposal of, the exercise of, the redemption of, or the expiry of, 

any right, interest, title or benefit in the  Marginless or Marginless Platform or any other 

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.



30IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

Marginless property, whole or in part. MRS are not official or legally binding investments

of any kind. In case of unforeseen circumstances, the objectives stated in this document 

may be changed. Despite the fact that we intend to reach all goals described in this 

document, all persons and parties involved in the purchase of MRS do so at their own 

risk.

We may not be able to pay any anticipated rewards in the future. There is no assurance 

that there will be sufficient engagement in the Marginless Platform such that you will 

receive any financial rewards / discounts. Marginless has  performed several market 

studies testing the demand for the Marginless platform with relatively positive results, 

Marginless platform has not been fully developed and finalized and is subject to further 

changes, updates, and adjustments prior to its launch. Such changes may result in 

unexpected and unforeseen effects on its projected appeal to users, possibly due to the 

failure to meet user’s preconceived expectations based on the beta version, and hence, 

impact its success. For the foregoing or any other reason, the development of the 

Marginless platform and launch Marginless future business lines may not be completed 

and there is no assurance that it will be launched at all. The funds raised in the ICO are 

exposed to risks of theft. The Company will make every effort to ensure that the funds 

will be securely held in an blockchain wallets. Notwithstanding such security measures, 

there is no assurance that there will be no theft of the cryptocurrencies as a result of 

hacks, sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed denials of service or errors, in the smart 

contract(s) on the Ethereum or any other blockchain, or otherwise. In such event, even 

if the ICO is completed, the Company may not be able to receive the cryptocurrencies 

raised and Marginless may not be able to use such funds for the development of the 

Marginless platform. In such case, the launch of the Marginless platform and the 

structuring and licensing of the Marginless future business lines might be temporarily or 

permanently curtailed.

Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing business and operations associated 

with cryptocurrencies throughout the world, therefore regulatory measures, 

investigations, or actions may impact Marginless business and even limit or prevent it 

from developing its operations in the future. All persons must be informed that 

Marginless business model, the Whitepaper, or terms and conditions may change or be

 

10.

11.



31IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

modified due to regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable law in any 

jurisdiction. In such a case, purchasers and anyone undertaking to acquire MRS 

acknowledge and understand the neither Marginless nor any of its affiliates shall be held 

liable for  any direct or indirect loss or damage caused by such changes.

In July 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission of United States of America ruled 

that some tokens can be considered as securities and are thereby subject to the agency’s 

regulation.  Taking into consideration this, Marginless is not offering MRS to US citizens 

and residents until further clarification of the regulation by Securities and other 

responsible authorities.

Moreover, citizens and residents of the People’s Republic of China and South Korea 

cannot participate in the pre-sale or Marginless ICO at all.

All MRS token orders are deemed firm and final. Only reserved MRS Tokens may be 

subsequently canceled at the Client s request. The Client acknowledges that they are 

fully aware that they will not be entitled to claim any full or partial reimbursement under 

any circumstances whatsoever.

MRS will be issued on the Ethereum blockchain. Therefore, any failure or malfunctioning 

of the Ethereum protocol may lead to the trading network of MRS not working as 

expected.

Additionally, in a down-cycle economic environment, Marginless may experience the 

negative effects of a slowdown in trading and usage of the Marginless platform and may 

delay or cancel the structuring and launch of the anticipated Marginless future business 

lines.

To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, 

Marginless shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other 

losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of 

revenue, income or pro s, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any 

acceptance of or reliance on this White paper or any part thereof by you.

 

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.



32IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

 

By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this White paper or such 

part thereof, you represent and warrant to Marginless as follows:

a) you agree and acknowledge that the MRS do not constitute securities in any form in 

any jurisdiction;

b) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or 

offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities in any 

jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in securities and you are not bound to enter 

into any contract or binding legal commitment on the basis of this Whitepaper;

c) you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any tokens, 

the MRS are NOT to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as:

a) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;

b) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity;

c) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;

d) units in a collective investment scheme;

e) units in a business trust;

f) derivatives of units in a business trust; or

g) any other security or class of securities.

d) you agree and acknowledge that the development of Marginless platform is a subject 

to further changes, updates and adjustments prior to its launch.

Therefore, you agree and acknowledge that the development of the Marginless platform 

and launch of Marginless future business lines may not be completed and there is no 

assurance that it will be launched at all;

e) you have a basic degree of understanding of cryptocurrencies, blockchain based 

software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, 

blockchain technology and smart contract technology;

f) you agree and acknowledge that Marginless is not liable for any indirect, special, 

incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise 

(including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), 

arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this White Paper or 

any part thereof by you;

17.



MRS are blockchain tokens which are digital tokens created on a blockchain as part of a 

decentralized software protocol. MRS are tokens issued on the Eutheruem platform on 

the basis of an ERC20. MRS are utility tokens designed to support the development of 

Marginless platform as well as to the measure used in the betting face to face. 

Therefore, any  failure or maltfunctioning of the Etheruem protocol may lead to the 

trading network of MRS not working as expected.

Marginless pays serious attention to KYC and anti-fraud issues in order to provide it 

customers with a transparent business model that is safe with minimal risk. In order to 

ensure that services of Marginless are not utilized by unwanted and illegal elements to 

further their illegal motives, Marginless intend to facilitate its operation by means: (i) 

conducting ongoing due diligence about its customers and verifying its customers; (ii) 

highlighting suspicious customers and operations.

33IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

g) you aware and acknowledge that you are familiar with all related regulations in the 

specific jurisdiction in which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens in 

that jurisdiction is not prohibited, restricted or subject to additional conditions of any 

kind.

In a scenario where less than 40.000.000 MRS Tokens are sold until the end of public 

sale (May 31st) all purchases of MRS Tokens will be refunded for full sum.

18.

20.

19.



34IT’S TIME TO BRING POWER TO BETTORS.

 

Marginless seeks to bring power back to bettors -
industry leading lowest margins, face to face

betting or even your own betting market!

https://www.marginless.io/
website

https://www.facebook.com/MarginlessCommunity/
facebook

https://twitter.com/MarginlessNet
tweeter

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1lUFljWWPadUrmzLaSct4A
youtube

https://medium.com/@Marginless/
medium

https://www.reddit.com/r/MarginlessNetwork/
reddit

https://www.instagram.com/Marginless/
instagram


