











































  Whitepaper    Media Network Token 1

White Paper v.1

Coinjoker.com - Decentralized 
Content Creation Platform
Creating Better Content



Media Network Token    Whitepaper2

Table of Content

Solution

Alpha Product – Coinjoker.com

Opportunity for MEDIA

Decentralized Content Creation

Concept

Payment Process

Example of a Paid Article

Payment Distribution

Media Network Token - MNT

Token Distribution

Funding Details

Token Trading

Usage of Tokens in Project

Roadmap

Project Description

3

4

5

6

7

9

9

10

10

11

11

12

13

13

14



3  Whitepaper    Media Network Token 

Solution

Based on our existing alpha product: https://coinjoker.com, 

we have observed serious issues in the existing quality of 

content on the market. Therefore, we have decided to bring a 

new platform on the market that will help users create better 

content.

We are introducing a new token called Media Network Token 

(MNT) that will enable writers to build content of superior quali-

ty and receive tokens for their contributions.



Media Network Token    Whitepaper4

Alpha Product - 
Coinjoker.com  

Our website aim is filling a gap in the cryptocurrency industry. Cryptocurrency is still a new 

idea on the market and has only been around for the last decade. As a result, there are mil-

lions of people who have never heard of this type of investment. Or people who might stum-

ble upon it and are unsure of what exactly are they buying into? Coinjoker strives to help 

these individuals by providing key knowledge that is easy to understand, implemented in a 

tool that new investors can trust.

The website includes information on everything from ICOs to blockchain revolution. Featur-

ing a news section in the portal, Coinjoker is also able to provide fresh updates on the crypto-

currency world including potential hacks and dangers to investors. The portal as such can be 

vital for anyone who has already invested in an ICO or bought bitcoin tokens.

For seasoned investors, Coinjoker is a key source of information ensuring that they make 

right decisions and providing key articles before anyone else. Since the site is regularly 

updated, the portal always offers a fresh insight on the state-of-the-art in the cryptocurrency 

market including the best ICOs to invest in at any given time.

At Coinjoker, we believe that cryptocurrencies are a fantastic opportunity for investors and 

allows new startups to escape rigorous financial regulations imposed by the banks. However, 

to new investors cryptocurrencies are still a subject surrounded in mystery. Is it safe? How 

does it work? How do I invest? Coinjoker uses the new portal to answer all these questions 

and more, pulling back the veil from an industry that still operates behind the scenes.

Coinjoker is a fresh business on the market and it has already provided a vast array of infor-

mation on the cryptocurrency market. The website is regularly updated with fresh informa-

tion on the most valuable cryptocurrencies at any given point. At this time, the website is 

still under construction with new areas of the portal being added to ensure additional aid to 

investors. In the future, Coinjoker will also provide useful tools for investors with links to key 

websites, conversion calculators, and investment opportunities all part of the new portal.

Anyone interested in learning more about cryptocurrencies will certainly benefit from visiting 

this new portal. We can help anyone discover the new world of cryptocurrencies. 



  Whitepaper    Media Network Token 5

Opportunity for MEDIA

As you can see on the chart below, we are currently in the second wave of digital currencies 

and blockchain technologies.

Google trends for word: Bitcoin

Google trends for word: Ethereum

Google trends for word: Crypto

Google trends for word: Blockchain



Media Network Token    Whitepaper6

Decentralized Content 
Creation

While news portals and blogs have always been centralized in their nature, there have 

been many attempts to make content creation decentralized. Social media websites like 

Facebook, Twitter and Reddit rely on their users to create content, but using a centralized 

platform means that the respective company takes the ownership of the created data. 

Crowdsourced knowledge creation like Wikipedia faces the risks of a centralized service. It 

is a centralized organization currently relying on donations from their users. If the leader-

ship of an organization changes, organizational changes also bring changes for their users. 

A company can go bankrupt and any knowledge, created by millions of users, if forever 

lost.

This is a harsh reality of a centralized world. Distributed ledger (blockchain) technologies are 

changing all that. Distributed “wikipedias”, social networks, and even blogs are emerging. 

Some rely on their users to voluntarily donate their time to create content while others use 

various ways to financially reward the content creators.

However, all of them are failing in one area: they look at the world from the perspective of 

content creators, not from the perspective of readers. Even the platforms that use the feed- 

back of their readers (for example steem.io) to reward the authors are making the same 

mistake. By rewarding the content that has already been created they are disregarding the 

gap between the authors and the readers. They are overlooking the difference between the 

author’s perspective (“this is what I want to write about”) and the reader’s perspective (“this 

is what I want to read about”).

Authors are essentially writing about the things they know about and are inclined to write 

about. A lot of the times, by using the readers’ feedback to reward the authors, the authors 

try to fill this gap – by being rewarded by the readers, they try to guess what content will 

bring them the most reward. At Coinjoker, we have observed this gap from time to time. 

While at times some articles we were excited about did not bring us the numbers of read-

ers we have expected, some other articles that we were not so sure about had amazing 

feedback.

 

We are looking to turn this concept around. By taking the same approach that crowdfund-



  Whitepaper    Media Network Token 7

ing sites (a.k.a. Kickstarter) use for product creation and expanding it to content creation, 

we give the readers a voice about what content they want to read, and the authors an input 

about what content will bring them the most financial reward even before they start 

writing.

 

Concept

We will give both readers and authors the option to suggest new content: for example, 

suggesting the title of an article, some information about the article content, and the 

desired length of the article. The article proposer will have an option to choose the length 

of the funding period. Articles about some current event, for instance, might not be inter-

esting anymore after a relatively short period, while some more general content might still 

draw interest for years and can afford a longer funding period.

After the suggestion is created, a funding period will start. In this period, the readers will 

have an option to fund the content they want to read about. The articles collecting sufficient 

funds during the designated period will be considered the ones that reader wants to read 

about.

By contributing a small amount, the readers will allocate their money to “vote” on the 

content that interests them. By distributing the desired amount between many interest-

ed readers, the amount contributed by a single person for a single article can be relatively 

small, but proportional to how much does the content interest them. If a suggested con-

tent does not raise the suggested amount of funds, all the funds collected are returned to 

the contributors.

By making the readers pay a small amount for the creation of content, we also ensure the 

highest possible amount of original content. Any content that can be easily found on other 

sites does not receive funding. A high amount of original content will bring new readers to 

the site, contributing to a network effect and spreading our site further.

The authors will then be able to start contributing to the content. An article will be written 

in a wiki style, making it possible for multiple authors to contribute. The percentage that 

each author has contributed will be visible and verifiable on the blockchain, making it pos-

sible to fairly distribute the allocated funds between the authors.

Readers/fund contributors will be able to vote on the written content.

 



Media Network Token    Whitepaper8

The articles that have been successfully written and have received the sufficient number of

votes, will be published on the platform. If a certain article was not written in the designated 

time, the original fund contributors will be able to vote on a deadline extension. There will 

be an option for unlimited number of deadline extensions. However, while the first deadline 

extension will only require the majority (over 50%) of fund contributors to vote in its favour,

any subsequent extensions will require approval of all of the readers that contributed funds

for the specific article.

If an article will not be finished or approved after the deadline or a deadline extension has

expired, the funds will be returned to the contributors.

Some articles will become outdated over time. At the same time that new articles can be 

suggested, article improvement requests can be suggested and funded. It is important for 

the old version of the article to stay available to the readers. The original fund contributors 

might not want to see any changes in the content they have paid for.

We will also support custom content creation, which will be performed in 4 major steps. This 

will enable freelancers from different subdomains to earn MNT tokens based on popularity 

of the articles. Each writer will be able to select his “help” and distribute a small percentage 

of his MNT earnings. Additionally, he will be able to include Artists for design and Proofread-

er for proofreading. Each article will be checked for plagiarism.

Writer will be able to earn MNT based on voting on his content creation. Writer will be able to earn MNT after article 
is published on coinjoker.com portal. 



  Whitepaper    Media Network Token 9

Payment Process

Example of a Paid Article

Each writer will receive his own unique Ethereum wallet address where he will receive 

MNT tokens from the readers. Writer will enter any desired ERC20 compatible wallet to 

which Coinjoker will send MNT tokens for his work.

Readers will be able to read content anonymously or by registering and receiving addition-

al MNTs each month based on their activity on Coinjoker.com.

Our engine will process payments and send it out to contributors on a daily basis.



Media Network Token    Whitepaper10

Registered user will be able to click on the “Read more” button on the selected article 

and information of current MNT tokens balance and article cost. He will receive a unique 

Ethereum address that is connected with the selected article and writer who authored it. 

When the system receives MNT tokens at this address, the user receives a unique KEY to 

his email address to unlock the selected article.

Payment Distribution:

 ◆ Coinjoker fee: 20% of MNT 

 ◆ Writer: 80% of MNT

 ◆ (optional) - Artist: 15% of MNT

 ◆ (optional) - Proofreader: 15% of MNT

Writer can select his co-workers when writing his article. In this case, he gets 50% of all con-

tributions in the MNT, whereas other contributions are shared among Artist or Proofreader.

We will fund the development of the Coinjoker Media platform by selling vouchers for all 

our future trading fees to our MNT backers. Vouchers will be sold and will be represented by 

an ERC20 token created under the ticker “MNT”.

Media Network Token - MNT  

Role of Token: Content creation, Advertising

Token supply: 50,000,055,68

Symbol: MNT


