








































MELON PROTOCOL: A BLOCKCHAIN PROTOCOL FOR DIGITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT

DRAFT

RETO TRINKLER AND MONA EL ISA

Abstract. The Melon protocol is a blockchain protocol for digital asset management on the Ethereum platform. It
enables participants to set up, manage and invest in digital asset management strategies in an open, competitive and
decentralised manner.

1. Introduction

The value and importance of a wide range of digital as-
sets1 has risen dramatically over the last few years. Hence
the question naturally arises how to manage this new and
fast-growing asset class in the most advantageous way.

This could be done by investing in a hedge fund which
specializes in digital assets.

However, the lack of standardisation can make com-
parison of fund performances difficult and fund auditing
practices can be very opaque.

A second deterrent, is the time and high cost required
for setting up and running a hedge fund. This limits the
range of possible hedge fund managers to a comparatively
small group of people. It arguably also limits competi-
tion between hedge funds creating qualitatively less good
hedge fund performances[15].

A third deterrent to investing in a hedge fund is some
of the outdated technological infrastructure, giving room
for a lot of inefficiencies.

Section 2 through 4 of this paper will discuss the gen-
eral mechanics of the Melon protocol. Section 5 through
7 will discuss how the Melon protocol can be used to solve
above objectives of openness, competitiveness and secu-
rity. Finally, section 8 will propose a solution for protocol
development.

2. Assets

To better understand the general mechanics of the
Melon protocol, lets start by defining the term digital asset
management strategy. A digital asset management strat-
egy is, in the context of this paper, regarded as a strategy
on how to manage a portfolio2. Each portfolio can hold a
variety of digital assets, where these digital assets repre-
sent the value a portfolio can hold.

As a motivation to the challenge ahead, let’s look at a
few examples of these digital assets currently available, or
in development.

For the sake of ease, and to highlight the differentiation
in underlying value, we categorise digital assets into three
sets: Digital assets which gain their value from collateral-
isation of an underlying asset, called collateralised assets.

Digital assets which do not gain their value from collat-
eralisation, called un-collateralised assets. Finally, digital
assets which are derived from existing digital assets called
derivatives.

2.1. Collateralised Assets. Collateralised Assets, are
assets which gain their value from the collateralisation of
real-world assets. Examples are Dai from the Dai Credit
System[13], Dassets[11] from String Technology or t0[12]
from Overstock. An example for a digital asset backed by
a commodity is DGX from Digix[4] which binds the value
of gold to a digital asset.

2.2. Un-collateralised Assets. Un-collateralised assets
are digital assets which gain their value in the scarcity
of the token itself. Examples for un-collateralised assets
are ETH (Ethereum[7]), ETC (Ethereum Classic[6]), REP
(Augur[1]), DGD (Digix[4]) or MKR (Maker[13]). Even-
tually even companies issuing tokens as shares on the
Blockchain will belong to this set.

2.3. Derivatives. The third set of digital assets are
derivatives of other digital assets. In the context of this
work, a derivative is defined as a digital asset which has
its value directly derived from another digital asset. An
example for this set is a contract for difference (CFD) of
an existing digital asset.

In conclusion, the restriction to digital assets will be
with the adoption of Ethereum and the various decen-
tralised applications and services built upon it be less and
less restrictive.

3. Portfolio

Having seen the selection of digital assets waiting to be
managed by up-and-coming Portfolio Managers, let’s now
discuss the general mechanics of how this can be achieved
technically.

Each portfolio consists of a core part and a set of mod-
ules (see figure 1)

3.1. Core. The core part, written in a set of smart-
contracts, can be seen as the part which holds everything
together. The modules, also written in a set of smart-
contracts, can be seen as the auxiliary functionality to
the core part. The core part together with a set of rules

E-mail addresses: (Reto Trinkler) rt@melonport.com, (Mona El Isa) me@melonport.com.
1Throughout the present work, a digital asset, is regarded as a digital token of value, run and stored on the Ethereum Blockchain.

There is no technical difference assumed between what an asset and what a token is, the terms are interchangeable. However in the context
of portfolio management usually the term asset is used.

2Throughout the present work, a portfolio is regarded as a finite set of digital assets.

1



MELON PROTOCOL: A BLOCKCHAIN PROTOCOL FOR DIGITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT DRAFT 2

on how the core interacts with its modules constitute the
Melon protocol.

3.2. Modules. The modules provide auxiliary function-
ality to the core part. For example, providing off-chain
data, storing of portfolio relevant data or the executing of
calculations for the portfolio.

The modules are the parts of the portfolio which have
subjective functionality. Through the modular concept
of the portfolio, these subjective parts can be changed.
For example different Portfolio Managers might want to
charge different management fees and apply their own
methods on how to calculate these fees. The modular
concept allows the managers to chose the management
fee module of their liking. Thus they can select the fees
and calculation methodology by simply linking the corre-
sponding module to the core.

Modules can be freely developed by anyone. Develop-
ers can then define a commission that is paid back to them
every time someone uses their module.

The Melon protocol includes the following modules as
a foundation:

Registrar: Links assets to price feeds to trading.
Functionality: A way to build assets specific func-

tionality.
Price Feeds: Provide a price for an asset by taking

one or several data sources into account.
Exchanges: On-chain marketplaces such as

EtherEx[8] or Maker-Market[10], where one or
a set of assets can be traded.

Trading: A set of rules on how trading is permitted.
Management Fee: A gross asset value (see appen-

dix C) independent payment for the Portfolio
Manager.

Performance Fee: A gross asset value (see appen-
dix C) dependent payment for the Portfolio Man-
ager.

In the registrar module, the Portfolio Manager selects
a finite amount of assets, a finite amount of correspond-
ing price feeds, as well as a finite amount of exchanges on
which these assets can be traded. All a Portfolio Manager
can ever do is trade those specific assets on those specific
exchanges. The smart contracts do not allow funds to be
sent in any other way or to any other accounts.

The functionality module allows a Portfolio Manager to
retain actions or rights and avoid penalization from non-
action (eg. Augurs REP tokens). These interactions be-
tween token custodian and corresponding smart-contracts
need to be programmed in as it is no longer an individual’s
or non-contract account which controls these funds.

The price feeds module is needed as asset prices, in gen-
eral, tend to be different on different exchanges. This is
because of the inherent way prices are set - a price is set
by demand and supply which constitutes of market par-
ticipants wanting to buy or sell. In this context, the word
market participants also refers to trading algorithms, etc.
In general, market participants reflect a different demand
and supply profile on different exchanges generating differ-
ent bid/ask prices. While it’s true that arbitrageurs keep
the differences small, they remain, for at least as long as
there is a fee to be paid on the execution of trades. A
fee might be a commission to the exchange or broker, or

a fee in form of another execution cost, such as for exam-
ple the gas cost to be paid on the Ethereum network. To
solve the problem of ambiguous prices, the Melon proto-
col will require the Portfolio Manager to choose one price
feed module providing one specific price against which the
assets under management (AUM) are evaluated.

The exchange module specifies an on-chain exchange
where assets can be traded. This is required as it poses
a restriction on where the Portfolio Manager can trade
his/her funds. See also registrar module.

The trading module restricts trading and links to a pre-
selected exchange on which an asset can be traded. For
example, no trade size can be higher than 10% of the
volume traded of this asset. This module is intended to
reduce the amount of order book manipulation in favour
of the Portfolio Manager.

A Portfolio Manager will be able to receive a manage-
ment fee as well as a performance fee. These fees are spec-
ified in the management fee module and the performance
fee module. The management fee is generally calculated
by reference to the assets under management, i.e. the
gross asset value (see appendix C) of the portfolio. The
performance fee is generally calculated by reference to the
increase in the gross asset value. This increase in gross as-
set value is also referred to as the alpha generated by the
portfolio manager. There is usually a high water mark,
which means that if the portfolio performing below a de-
fined benchmark since inception, the Portfolio Manager
does not get paid a performance fee. Alternative forms
of performance fees are conceivable. For example, the in-
terval by which the performance fee gets paid out can be
selected by the Portfolio Manager.

Before the deployment of a portfolio, a Portfolio Man-
ager decides which modules he/she would like to use.

Once the portfolio is deployed this then can be seen as
the offering of a legal contract. The contract terms are un-
ambiguously visible and securely held by the Blockchain.
Therefore, the smart-contract terms are agreed upon by
the investor upon investing in the portfolio.

4. Investing and Redeeming

There are two ways to invest in a portfolio. The first
way is to buy shares of the portfolio on any marketplace on
which they are traded. The second way is to create shares
by investing Ether directly into the respective smart con-
tract of the portfolio.

Similar to investing there are two ways to redeem from
a portfolio. The first way is to sell shares of the portfolio
on any marketplace on which they are traded. And the
second way is to annihilate shares. This can be done by

• redeeming into a separate portfolio or
• redeeming directly into Ether via a program

trade3.

4.1. Net Asset Value. Shares of a portfolio are designed
such that they fulfil the following properties:

• Shares are fungible.
• Shares reflect ownership of the portfolio.
• The inherent value of the shares is given by the

value of the underlying assets of the portfolio.
• Share price is relatively independent of invest-

ments and withdrawals made.

3A program trade is a trade where orders are entered directly into the market and executed automatically.



MELON PROTOCOL: A BLOCKCHAIN PROTOCOL FOR DIGITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT DRAFT 3

Figure 1. Protocol version links existing portfolios and collects licensing fees

Shares will be represented by a smart-contract follow-
ing the Ethereum token standard[5]. Thus they are fun-
gible and tradable on exchanges such as EtherEx[8] or
Maker-Market[10]. Furthermore, Portfolio Managers can
hold and manage shares of other portfolios.

Shares also reflect ownership of the portfolio, where the
formula of ownership is the following:

(1) Ownership =
Shares holding

Total shares in existence

For example if one holds ten out of a hundred total
shares then the ownership is 0.1 or 10%. This is dynamic,
as people invest and redeem the total amount of shares
in existence changes and therefore also the percentage of
ownership.

The inherent share price (see appendix G) is defined by
the net asset value per share (see appendix F) and thus
by the value of the underlying assets.

Every time an Investor invests Ether in a portfolio,
shares are created and every time an Investor redeems
Ether, shares are exchanged against the value of the un-
derlying assets and thereby annihilated. This mechanism
of creating and annihilating shares keeps the share price
relatively independent of investments respective to with-
drawals made.

In conclusion, the inherent share price is set, not by de-
mand, but by performance. Each investor has the ability
to exchange its shares at any time against the value of the
underlying assets.

4.2. Creation. By investing funds F denominated in
Ether, into a portfolio, shares are created. The Investor
sends these funds directly to the smart contract of the
portfolio where they are added to the portfolio htim (see
appendix B): 

htia1
htia2

...
htian

→

htia1 + F

htia2
...

htian


Where by convention htia1 is the amount of Ether the port-
folio m holds, at time ti.

Then the quantity of shares qtiF created for funds F , at
time ti is calculated. The formula is the following:

(2) qtiF =
F

ptim

Note, by definition the share price ptim is independent of
Funds F invested.

The quantity of shares qtiF are then allocated to the
Investor. For the investment to get incorporated takes at

least one block time, i.e. more than 10 to 19 seconds. Dur-
ing this time period the share price might change. How-
ever the Investor will be able to invest via a limit order
hence they have no risk of getting an unexpected price.

4.3. Annihilation. By redeeming funds F denominated
in Ether, from a portfolio, shares are annihilated. The in-
vestor redeems funds F by exchanging shares against the
underlying value they represent.

To request a withdrawal of amount F , one has to with-
draw:

(3) qtiF =
F

ptim

(
⇔ F = ptimqtiF

)
of shares.

This quantity of shares qtiF represents a percentage of

ownership, called otiF . The formula for o
ti
F is the following:

(4) otiF =
qtiF

Total shares in existence

The Investor now redeems this percentage of all the as-
sets a portfolio holds, directly from the smart contract of
the portfolio. In doing so he/she sets up a new portfolio.
The new portfolio of the Portfolio Manager is thus:

htia1
htia2

...
htian

→ (1− otiF )

htia1
htia2

...
htian


Where the separated part, is the part which belongs to

the Investor, redeeming funds:

otiF


htia1
htia2

...
htian


This separated part can now be seen as the portfolio

of the investor. The investor becomes its own Portfolio
Manager. They can now either decide to manage this new
portfolio to their liking or liquidate the assets to Ether
through a program trade. A program trade is an algo-
rithm that liquidates a portfolio to complete the redeem-
ing process.

Since portfolios separate when redeeming funds, one
cannot directly expect or anticipate any future trades
made by the redeeming investor. All one can see on the
Blockchain is the separating of the portfolio. This pro-
cess can be done in a simple and convenient way, where
the investor chooses his/her selling off strategy on an off-
chain server which listens to the Blockchain and trades
accordingly.



MELON PROTOCOL: A BLOCKCHAIN PROTOCOL FOR DIGITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT DRAFT 4

4.4. Open and closed-ended portfolios. Generally
one differentiates between two types of portfolios. open-
ended portfolios and closed-ended portfolios. The differ-
ence between the two is that in the former there’s no limit
on how much investors can invest while in the latter there
is. In a closed-ended portfolio, once the investment limit of
the portfolio has been reached the process of creation will
be suspended. At this point, shares can only be bought
on exchanges.

4.5. Active and passive management. The portfolio
management process outlined previously (section 3.2) is
referred to as active management; whereby the Portfo-
lio Manager receives a performance fee in addition to the
management fee. These actively managed portfolios are
usually benchmarked against a financial index (such as the
S&P500 in US equity markets) which determines the ad-
ditional value or alpha, that the Portfolio Manager’s asset
allocation strategy delivers to investors in the portfolio.

Some investors do not wish to participate in active
management, due to its perceived zero sum nature[14].
They would rather forgo the Portfolio Manager’s perfor-
mance fee and have a return that matches a benchmark in-
dex. For such investors, passively managed portfolios pro-
vide performance that closely tracks a benchmark index,
but with only a management fee to pay. This management
fee covers the costs incurred by the Portfolio Manager in
replicating the benchmark index. Therefore, for passively
managed portfolios on Melon, there will only be a man-
agement fee module associated with the Melon portfolio,
to cover these management costs. There will be no addi-
tional performance fee incurred.

In conclusion, the Investor is always in control of their
investment and can exchange back shares to get the un-
derlying value of the assets without having to ask for per-
mission from the Portfolio Manager or anybody else.

5. Open

As seen in section 4, portfolio share prices are de-
fined by the net asset value per share. This is true for
each portfolio deployed, meaning that share price of all
Melon protocol portfolios are visible and comparable on
the Blockchain. The Portfolio Manger’s managing and
trading track-record is visible and auditable in the same
way.

In addition, all of the Melon protocols’ smart contracts
are open-source4.

In conclusion, the Melon protocol is an open-source
blockchain protocol. Portfolio track-records and perfor-
mances are visible and auditable by everyone.

6. Competitive

The competitive gains of the Melon protocol are in the
form of lower cost and time barriers to setting up and
running a portfolio.

The costs and complexity to setting up a portfolio us-
ing the Melon protocol are lower than they are with tradi-
tional asset management, seconds and cents versus months
and millions. Such benefits will favour all investors, but es-
pecially large scale money managers for whom the major-
ity of operating costs will be eliminated (well over 50% of
a typical asset management firms costs today are made up

of fund administration and operations infrastructure[9]).
These cost savings can be passed on to savers. The lower
operating costs will also enable new up-and-coming Port-
folio Managers to enter the market by reducing minimum
scale requirements and start up costs.

The cost of running a portfolio on the Blockchain is
equal to the core usage fees, modular commissions and the
infrastructure costs to be paid on the Ethereum platform
(see Figure 2).

The usage fees are set by the protocol and the modular
fees are set by the module developers. Both of them are
expected to be a fraction of a cent or a fraction of the
trade volume for each usage.

The infrastructure costs are equal to the gas used for
the execution of the underlying smart contracts. The gas
costs are dependent on the gas price set for the transac-
tions and the amount of gas used in executing these smart
contracts[16].

In conclusion, by having low set up requirements and
low costs of running a portfolio one can create a never-
seen-before competitive environment for asset manage-
ment strategies.

7. Decentralised

A Melon protocol portfolio can be set up, managed and
invested in, using a decentralised technological infrastruc-
ture relying on the Ethereum Blockchain.

In this context, one can differentiate between decen-
tralised storage and decentralised execution.

7.1. Decentralised Storage. All of the Melon proto-
col’s smart-contracts, portfolio track records and assets
are stored on a decentralised Blockchain.

Storing smart-contracts and portfolio track records in a
decentralised way mitigates the risks around single points
of failure and provides open and reliable storage of infor-
mation.

Storing portfolio assets in a decentralised way, reduces
custody risks.

Incidents like the financial crisis of 2008 and the 2013
bank deposit levy in Cyprus have taken a heavy toll on
the trust of centralised custodians. Legislation of bail-ins
in many developed countries doesn’t help either[2][3].

7.2. Decentralised Execution. Execution of the smart-
contracts is done in a decentralised manner using the
Ethereum virtual machine (EVM) which is distributed
onto all nodes connected to the Ethereum network. The
result is generally more efficiency, security and predictabil-
ity. Most notably, counterparty and settlement risks of
trades are reduced significantly.

In conclusion, by having decentralised storage and ex-
ecution one can mitigate some of the potential security
vulnerabilities and market inefficiencies, such as reducing
single points of failure, custody-, counterparty-, and set-
tlement risks.

4They are published under https://github.com/melonproject.



MELON PROTOCOL: A BLOCKCHAIN PROTOCOL FOR DIGITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT DRAFT 5

Figure 2. Variable Costs of a Melon protocol portfolio

8. Protocol Development

To build the Melon protocol and strengthen the net-
work effect, there will be a digital token issued. This token
is called the Melon token (MLN) and will be distributed
through a contribution period.

These Melon tokens can then be used to use the core,
as all usage fees are collected in Melon token.

Since module developers invest time and effort into
building these modules and since many of them will have
an active cost of running, such as for example server costs
of running a price feed, there needs to be a way to in-
centive them. Melon solves this by incentivizing module
developers in the same way as almost every blockchain
incentivizes its miners - by creating an amount for them
created through inflation. The Melon protocol will do the
same thing and thus effectively future proofing develop-
ment.

All Melon tokens collected in form of usage fees will go
into a smart contract(s) called a Governance and Multi-
chain fund. The purpose of this fund is that Melon token
Holders can vote to spend tokens to cover the costs of de-
ploying Melon on other blockchains or to cover the costs
of governance of the Melon protocol.

9. Future Directions

To drive adoption, there will be portals5. These are
user-friendly web applications to access the Melon proto-
col. This will allow users to interact with the protocol
easily.

The value of the protocol is directly correlated with the
value of these portals. The better and easier the portals,
the more usage fees will be collected and the higher the
rewards for module developers.

10. Conclusion

The Melon protocol proposed a blockchain protocol for
digital asset management on the Ethereum platform. It
enables participants to set up, manage and invest in dig-
ital asset management strategies in an open, competitive
and decentralised manner.

11. Acknowledgements

We would like to use this opportunity to express our
gratitude to everyone who supported us throughout the
course of writing this paper.

A special thanks to Garrett Cassidy, Andr Wolke, Ro-
man Bischoff, Jorge Mielgo, Sandro Lera, Dylan Grice

and Andrey Ternovsky for their support, feedback and
improvements to this paper.

References

[1] Augur - decentralized prediction market.
http://www.augur.net/. Accessed: 2016-08-26.

[2] Beteiligung der glubiger an der bankenrettung.
https://www.finma.ch/de/ueberwachung/banken-
und-effektenhaendler/aufsichtsinstrumente/stabilisierungs-
und-abwicklungsplanung/kapitalmassnahmen/.
Accessed: 2016-08-26.

[3] Deal reached on bank bail-in directive.
http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/news-
room/20131212IPR30702/Deal-reached-on-bank-
%E2%80%9Cbail-in-directive%E2%80%9D. Ac-
cessed: 2016-08-26.

[4] Digix platform. https://www.dgx.io. Accessed: 2016-
08-26.

[5] Ethereum - token standard.
https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20.
Accessed: 2016-08-26.

[6] Ethereum classic. https://ethereumclassic.github.io/.
Accessed: 2016-08-26.

[7] Ethereum platform. https://ethereum.org/. Ac-
cessed: 2016-08-26.

[8] Etherex - decentralized exchange.
https://etherex.org/. Accessed: 2016-08-26.

[9] Hedge fund cost survey.
https://www.altassets.net/pdfs/KPMG%20Hedge
%20Fund%20Survey Sept2008.pdf. Accessed:
2016-08-26.

[10] Maker market. https://github.com/makerdao/maker-
market. Accessed: 2016-08-29.

[11] String technology. http://string.technology/. Ac-
cessed: 2016-08-26.

[12] t0. https://t0.com/home. Accessed: 2016-08-26.
[13] N. M. et al. The Dai Credit System, 2015.

https://makerdao.com/dai02.pdf/.
[14] W. Sharpe. The arithmetic of active management.

In The Financial Analysts’ Journal Vol. 47, No. 1,
January/February 1991, pages 7–9, 1991.

[15] P. Wei, Y. Altshuler, and A. Pentland. Decoding
Social Influence and the Wisdom of the Crowd in Fi-
nancial Trading Network. MIT Media Lab, 2012.

[16] D. G. Wood. Ethereum: A Secure Decen-
tralised Generalised Transaction Ledger, 2016.
http://gavwood.com/paper.pdf/.

5One example for a portal is the Melon portal: https://melonport.com.



MELON PROTOCOL: A BLOCKCHAIN PROTOCOL FOR DIGITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT DRAFT 6

Appendix A. Terminology

Token: By the term token is meant, a digital token of value adhering to the Ethereum token standard [5].
Portfolio: A collection of smart-contracts, divided into a core smart-contract(s) and into auxiliary smart-contracts

called modules.
Portfolio Manager: Portfolios are managed by one person or a group of persons, referred to as a Portfolio

Manager.
Module: A module is on or a set of smart-contracts which has an auxiliary functionality to the core smart-contract

of the portfolio.
Time Step: The term time step means, the time interval between blocks on the Ethereum Blockchain. Where

time is taken from the block timestamp issued by the miner. For example (ti, ti+1] is the time between after
block with timestamp ti and the following block with timestamp ti+1.

Appendix B. Portfolio

Formally we expand the portfolio as follows. Assuming there are n ∈ N digital assets available. This constitutes the
following vector set a of assets:

(5) a =

a1...
an


where ak is the k-th available asset, for k ∈ N. By convention the first asset a1 represents Ether.

Then the portfolio htim, is defined as the vector set of asset holdings of a portfolio m at time ti.

(6) htim =

h
ti
a1

...
htian

 ∈ Rn≥0
where htiak is the amount, in token units of ak, a portfolio m holds at time ti, for k ∈ N.

Appendix C. Gross Asset Value

Let pti be the vector set of asset prices, at time ti. Then p
ti is:

(7) pti =

p
ti
a1

...
ptian

 ∈ Rn≥0
where ptiak is the price per token unit of asset ak in Ether, at time ti, for k ∈ N.

Note, since by convention a1 represents Ether, and the prices are given in Ether the first price p
ti
a1 is always equal to

one.
The Gross Asset Value or GAV v̂tihm in Ether of portfolio h

ti
m at time ti is:

(8) v̂tihm = 〈p
ti , htim〉 =

n∑
k=1

ptiakh
ti
ak

with the standard scalar product on Rn. The GAV can be seen as the gross value of the portfolio.

Appendix D. Net Asset Value

The Net Asset Value or NAV vtihm in Ether of portfolio h
ti
m at time ti is:

(9) vtihm = v̂
ti
hm
−Management Feesti − Performance Feesti

Management Feesti resp. Performance Feesti is the management resp. performance fees given to the Portfolio Man-
ager for timestep ti.

Appendix E. Delta

To define the Delta ∆(ti,tj ] of a portfolio m, within the time (ti, tj ], where ti < tj , we first define the Delta of ∆(ti,ti+1],
i.e. the Delta of a single time step. Let be:

t0 = time of contract creation

tl = time of first investment

= min
tk∈[t0,ti]

{vtkhm 6= 0}

Iti = Sum of all investments within (ti−1, ti]

W ti = Sum of all withdrawals within (ti−1, ti]



MELON PROTOCOL: A BLOCKCHAIN PROTOCOL FOR DIGITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT DRAFT 7

Where both Iti and W ti is a value in Ether. Then the Delta of a single time step is:

(10) ∆(ti,ti+1] =
v
ti+1
hm
− Iti+1 + W ti+1

vtihm

By design, the Delta of a portfolio, is independent of funds invested or withdrawn within the time (ti, ti+1]. By
factoring together these Deltas of single time steps we get the general definition of the Delta ∆(ti,tj ] of a portfolio m as:

(11) ∆(ti,tj ] =



1 if tj ≤ tl
j−1∏
k=l

∆(tk,tk+1] if ti < tl < tj ∧ v
tk
hm
6= 0, k ∈ {l, l + 1, . . . , j − 1}

j−1∏
k=i

∆(tk,tk+1] if tl ≤ ti ∧ v
tk
hm
6= 0, k ∈ {i, i + 1, . . . , j − 1}

0 otherwise

Note, the case where ti < tl < tj and v
tk
hm

= 0, for a k ∈ {l, l + 1, . . . , j − 1} is when the first investment has been made
but the funds have been withdrawn completely at some point within time (tl, tj−1]. The GAV in this case can not be
calculated by factoring together Deltas of single time steps, as this would mean a division through zero. The Delta in
this case is set to 0 for all times, even if the portfolio receives investments in the future. The same is true for the second
similar case where tl ≤ ti and vtkhm = 0, for a k ∈ {i, i + 1, . . . , j − 1}.

By induction, we can see that the Delta ∆(ti,tj ] remains independent of funds invested or withdrawn within the time

(ti, tj ].

Appendix F. Net Asset Value per Share

Expressed mathematically the NAV per share ptim of portfolio m, at time ti is:

(12) ptim = ∆(t0,ti]

where t0 is the time of contract creation. The price p
ti
m is denominated in Ether.

Appendix G. Share Price

The share price is defined by the Net Asset Value per Share (see appendix F) and is denominated in Ether.


