















































Metal Whitepaper Final Nov


 
 
 

1 

  

 
A Payments-Based Cryptocurrency 

and Incentivization Network 
 
 

Marshall Hayner 
marshall@metalpay.co 

www.metalpay.com 
 

Abstract 
 
Metal is a blockchain-based system utilizing Proof-of-Processed-Payments to identify users, 
rewarding them for converting legacy fiat currency into cryptocurrency. It is a system similar to 
bitcoin but with a user-friendly interface and front-end that is similar to Venmo, Square or 
PayPal. Metal can act as a bridge to bitcoin or any cryptocurrency available. Many small 
businesses across the world prefer to only accept cash. However, in an increasingly cashless 
society, refusing to accept digital and card payments can be problematic. Put simply, Metal 
believes cash only businesses can benefit by adopting cryptocurrency as a new new form of 
cash, as cryptocurrencies possess many of the same properties particularly around privacy, 
censorship resistance and fungibility.  In order to bring digital payments into a world that utilizes 
blockchain-based technology over some traditional banking rails, Metal expects to save 
consumers 4-5% on all purchases. 

 
Introduction 
 
Eight years after the release of bitcoin, cryptocurrency has still yet to go mainstream 
and achieve widespread adoption. The reasons for this can be attributed to these 
major problems:  
 
(1) User experience and difficult learning curve  
(2) Lack of incentive for the layperson to get involved  
(3) Volatility in price 
(4) Many view bitcoin with suspicion due to sensational reporting from media  
(5) Questions around privacy 
(6) Lack of settlement finality 
(7) Legal uncertainty in the case of forks and hacks. 
 
 



 
 
 

2 

 
Bitcoin has shown currency can exist outside of the current  financial system. It is 
technologically resistant to counterfeiting via blockchain technology. However, this by itself is 
not inherently strong enough to spark a technological payments revolution. Rather, bitcoin is 
exciting and motivating entrepreneurs to build a better mousetrap. One challenge is that bitcoin 
is extremely volatile and scares away many would-be users due to the fact it is accepted almost 
nowhere, including brick and mortar businesses and online. Financial institutions, for the most 
part, avoid bitcoin. They are creating private blockchains to identify sources of funds as well as 
users on these systems. 
 
Using a centralized form of Know-Your-Customer (KYC) identification and a payments platform, 
Metal proposes to fairly distribute cryptocurrency via Proof-of-Processed-Payments (PoPP) on 
top of the ethereum blockchain. Satoshi’s original vision for bitcoin was to distribute miner 
rewards fairly through Proof-of-Work (PoW). However, we have seen mining become highly 
centralized in China. With a centralized group of miners, distribution of the cryptocurrency 
becomes highly skewed and becomes near impossible for the layperson to earn, instead forcing 
them to purchase through an exchange.  
 
Without an incentive to purchase, cryptocurrency may never reach mass adoption. Metal 
proposes a system utilizing provable payments attached to verified identities to distribute 
currency. Anyone can participate to earn MTL as a reward for converting fiat to cryptocurrency. 
 
The goal is to provide all of the financial services small to medium sized businesses (SMB) 
might need, but can’t access currently.  Typically, cash-based businesses find it hard to get 
credit because they have no credit history. This has led to seeking alternative financing which 
comes with exorbitant fees and loan financing charges. The initial target market will be high risk 
merchants, cash intensive merchants, and merchants who already accept or want to accept 
more cryptocurrency. At a later stage, it will be to acquire traditional merchants like Square, 
Venmo and PayPal. 
 
 
 
 
  



 
 
 

3 

Transactions 
 

 
 
Metal will offer services through software to make transactions accessible for regular users. This 
strategy will prove valuable as peer-to-peer payments are incentivized to leave traditional rails, 
opting for an open network of cryptocurrency payments. These transactions will settle faster and 
provide real world value beyond traditional cash-based payments.   
 
The size of transactional volume from the traditional incumbents is staggering.  For General 
purpose payment cards with global brands such as American Express, Diners Club/Discover, 
JCB, Mastercard, UnionPay, and Visa collectively generated purchase volume of $20.422 trillion 
in 2015. They are projected to generate $54.891 trillion by 2025. These card-present and card-
not-present payments for goods and services are generated by credit, debit, and prepaid cards. 
Cards issued in the United States held a 23.44% share of global brand purchase volume in 
2015. That share will fall to 17.69% by 2025, even as card spending reaches $9.711 trillion, up 
from $4.786 trillion in 2015 [1]. 
 
The dollar volumes are massive as well. For general purpose payment cards with global brands 
such as Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, JCB, Diners Club, and UnionPay had 
collectively generated 227.05 billion purchase transactions in 2015. They are projected to 
generate 604.10 billion purchase transactions in 2025. These card-present and card-not-present 
payments for goods and services are generated by credit, debit, and prepaid cards. Cards 
issued in the United States generated 36.35% of the global brand purchase transaction total in 
2015. The U.S. market share is projected to fall to 27.63% by 2025, even as the region is 
expected to see transactions grow by 8.44 billion annually to reach 166.94 billion in 2025 [2]. 



 
 
 

4 

 
With market capitalizations in cryptocurrency in the tens of billions today, as the industry scales 
and grows it will capture some of this market. 
 
Reward vs. Penalty 
 
The current state of cryptocurrency is a penalty over a reward. In order to enter cryptocurrency 
one must have a fundamental understanding of the software that it runs on, the best security 
practices, ability to get in and out, avoid fluctuation and find the lowest possible fees. In addition, 
even armed with these skills, many users are forced to wait days for their payments to clear 
before they have coins on-chain. In the case of Metal, payments are approved or declined 
immediately and displayed as spendable off-chain credit until they settle on chain. This makes 
the entire experience unusable for the layman. Proof of Processed Payments (PoPP) changes 
the experience from an unpleasant penalty, to a simple reward. Earn crypto when you spend 
money, earn crypto when you receive money. Through PoPP and the Metal platform we are 
incentivizing usage and adoption of cryptocurrency and building an ecosystem for users and 
merchants. 
 
Incentives 
 
Metal does everything traditional payment apps can do. This includes peer-to-peer transfer and 
real-time invoicing. With cryptocurrency integration and PoPP, Metal users will earn 
cryptocurrency for making normal payments. PoPP is a mechanism to incentivize people to 
leave fiat money for crypto currency. It gives people an opportunity to be a part of the financial 
system by giving them a financial history, which can enable them to open bank accounts and 
access other services. 
 
Merchants may purchase platform credit with MTL which will entitle them to a discount on all 
associated payment processing fees and a discount on merchant services. The use of the MTL 
token by merchants and individuals will drive adoption and thus usage beyond platform-based 
services provided by Metallicus Limited, the parent company of Metal. Merchants may also 
receive an additional 5% off payment processing fees for offering a discount when paying with 
MTL. 
 
Many merchants will find it advantageous to offer the MTL discount to save on traditional credit 
and debit card processing fees. Due to the ability to save merchants on processing fees, 
consumers utilizing the platform will receive significant discounts when making purchases.  
 
Owners of Metal will receive significant benefits in the form of discounts: 
 
1) Discounts for Metal merchants 
2) Discounts for customers paying with MTL 



 
 
 

5 

3) Discounts for consumers in the form of heavy discounts on pay features 
 
Underlying Technology 
 
To implement a provably fair distribution model, Metal uses the public ethereum blockchain [10]. 
It uses Ethash as its Proof-of-Work for security. In an attempt to keep cryptocurrency 
distributed, the Ethereum Foundation chose an ASIC-resistant scheme [11], however this still 
does not make mining accessible to the layman. Proof-of-Work merely slows down the 
inevitable: centralization and the inability to participate with consumer hardware.   
 
Metal aims to be blockchain agnostic and recognizes the need for multiple cryptocurrencies. If 
cryptocurrency adoption is to take off it must utilize multiple blockchains. For example, many 
users wish to see the currency in terms of United States Dollars or Euros. For this reason Metal 
is using financial instruments that will offer stability. Metal recognized the need for 
Interoperability and Metal will use inter-blockchain exchanges to transfer between multiple 
cryptocurrencies and cryptoassets. 
 
Meanwhile, loyalty-based tokens that merchants can create will be on the ethereum network as 
well as MTL the token. Metal also recognizes the need for privacy-based tokens like DASH, 
Monero and Zcash, which will also be supported. Bitcoin is the underlying currency powering all 
transactions and purchases. However, this may change at a later time with sufficient volume to 
switch to MTL, ethereum or something different entirely. 
 
Proof-of-Processed-Payments 
 
Proof-of-Processed-Payments (PoPP) acts as a provable way of identifying users and 
distributing new currency into the system. At the same time, it rewards users who convert fiat 
currency into cryptocurrency. 
 
For this identity-based, volume-dependent distribution network, Metal first identifies a user 
through a social security number or passport ID with identification software. Second, Metal gets 
a photograph on file, either a selfie or picture of identifying documents. Third, Metal can link a 
credit or debit card number in preparation for processing a payment. If no credit/debit card is 
available, a user can sign up with only an email address and invoice credit/debit/ach accounts 
into cryptocurrency. Provided all data points check out and the registered name on the 
identification matches the name on the credit or debit card, Metal initiates a payment using 
proprietary anti-money-laundering (AML) and anti-fraud technology. The payment typically 
declines or accepts in under one minute. The pending payment notification shows on the 
transaction list for the receiver of funds.  
 
When the payment is completely settled and the bank transfer or cryptocurrency issued, a 
portion of the gross amount of the payment is returned in METAL tokens. This is 5% of the 



 
 
 

6 

volume of the transaction at trading value for MTL in either direction (sender/receiver). As an 
example, $100 in MTL is sent. It is trading $1/MTL. Both sender and receiver would both get 5 
MTL. 
 
In order for the receiver to claim the additional MTL, they must go through the KYC process and 
be identified as a separate person receiving the payment. If a user wishes to simply top-up their 
account with a crypto balance, they are eligible for a discount of the purchase price of the 
transaction in MTL, the parent company of Metal, collects fees for processing payments. 
 
Additional Features 
 
Plugins 
Platform (like Wordpress and Drupal) plugins to add Metal functions to websites and apps. 
 
Loyalty 
Loyalty issuance in the form of blockchain and closed loop tokens for merchants. 
 
Split Payments 
Paying with friends is always better. Create an event and start a split payment, invoice the 
group and watch as you approach the goal. 
 
Escrow  
Escrow-based multisignature wallet used for marketplace or auction purposes.  
 
Ecommerce platform  
Shopify-style ecommerce with Metal rewards as the key market differentiator.  
 
Loan product 
Lending platform tied to escrow offering. Borrowers can be rated based on Metal rewards.  
 
Microtransactions 
Sending very small amounts of money, which current payment processors do not support.  
 
Branded payment card 
Metal merchants will be able to cultivate loyalty with specific branded payment options.  
 
Blockchain identity management 
Proof-of-Processed-Payments (PoPP) ID system. Discourages money laundering practices.  
 
Hardware NFC payment terminal 
Raspberry Pi hardware terminals and NFC cards that make tap to pay possible anywhere Metal 
is accepted. In addition, NFC integrated wearables such as FitBit bracelets and phone cases. 



 
 
 

7 

 
These features will be unlocked with MTL micropayments for consumers. Once a customer in 
the app is earning MTL these features are unlocked like a game. This can be done by achieving 
certain milestones (eg. transactional volume) using PoPP or by simply paying for them.  
 
Network 
 
A total of 66,588,888 MTL tokens will be created at the genesis. The Metal token will be ERC20 
compliant which means that a stakeholders addresses can be linked to a name or tag, or 
fetched by an identity security provider [128]. 
 
A 31% initial amount of MTL tokens will be saved from the cap of 66,588,888 MTL, which is 
21,088,888 MTL. This will be deducted from the total amount available for distribution through 
PoPP (26,341,112) and locked up for 12 months, leaving 21,088,888 MTL for the token sale.  
 
A portion of the company reserve will be set aside 3,378,000 MTL will be broken down to 
1,000,000 MTL each for the initial two co-founders; whereas 200,000 METAL will be distributed 
among each of the first five employees and 40,000 MTL will be distributed each for nine 
advisors (3,378,000 total).  
 
MTL tokens will vest every month for twelve months until fully vested with co-founders, first 
employees and advisors. If for any reason a founder, employee or advisor ceases to be with the 
company during their vesting period, all vesting will cease and be returned to the Metallicus 
Limited operational pool.  
 
This leaves an additional 13,378,888 MTL in Metal operational pool to be used at the company’s 
discretion. The operational pool may not be drawn from by Metal for up to twelve months from 
the completion of the token sale. The Metal operational pool may be used for such efforts but 
not limited to: Attracting top talent to the company, marketing purposes and performance-based 
bonuses for employees. 
 
Equity investors in Metal are entitled to the average token sale price of MTL at $0.18, for their 
equity investment to be matched in MTL tokens. This financing of $556,000 in private equity 
takes exactly 3,088,888 MTL from the initial token sale amount, reducing it to 18,000,000 MTL 
available at the start of the token sale. 
 
 
 
The token sale will be distributed over the course of six months until all of the coins are sold 
(18,000,000 MTL). Any coins that are not sold during the three tiers of the token sale will be 
dissolved into a proof of burn address via ethereum contract in Solidity.  
  



 
 
 

8 

Metal will list what cryptocurrency will be accepted in the sale based on coins meeting particular 
liquidity thresholds. The coins will be sold in the following order with additional bonuses for 
payment in ethereum: 
 

 Early 
Investor 
Funding 

Pre-
Sale 

Pre-Sale 
Tier 1 

Pre-Sale 
Tier 2 

Pre-Sale 
Tier 3 

Tier 4 

Price n/a $0.05 $0.10 $0.16 $0.18 $0.20 

Amount 
available 

3,088,888 500,000 5,000,000 5,500,000 5,500,000 1,500,000 

 
Distribution Within Platform 
 
Over time, 26,341,112 MTL tokens will be created through Proof-of-Processed-Payments, 
bringing the eventual circulation to 66,588,888 MTL. The coin will be redeemed by Metallicus 
Limited for merchant services, including merchant processing fees as well as premium features 
on the platform at a discount from trading value at redemption.  
 
Smart Contract Escrow 
 
The operational budget of funds raised during the initial token sale will be held in 2-of-3 escrow 
between the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Compliance Officer. In order to move Metal company 
funds signatures must be obtained from two of the three parties.  Metal will unlock tokens with a 
majority approval from the board of directors after a minimum period of 12 months from the 
completion of the token sale date. The presale tokens are to be distributed separately as they 
will be allocated at the beginning of the token sale to the aforementioned multi-sig wallet to be 
distributed by the Metal team. 
 
The Smart Contracts for the sale are being audited by Smart Contract Solutions (also known as 
Zeppelin). The smart contract code will be publicly released prior to the sale for purposes of 
transparency. 
 
Metal Operating Budget 
 
Metal projects $2,951,000 will provide over two years of operating expenses with a team of ten 
people. Furthermore, Metal expects to be revenue positive in its first year. Additionally, Metal 
has raised $556,000 in equity from venture firms Alphabit Fund, G2 Ventures, Gateway, Erik 
Voorhees, Andrew Lee, among others. This funding was completed prior to the token sale, 
which has allowed Metal to make crucial hires and expenditures.  



 
 
 

9 

 
 
 
 
 
October 2017: Beta Launch. Multi-signature, multi-cryptocurrency wallet.  
 
Spring 2018: Banking Rollout. Metal bank account with prepaid debit cards integrated. Use 
Metal anywhere credit cards are accepted.  
 
Winter 2018: Merchant Adoption Features. Shopify-style integrations, plugins for online 
businesses, integrated NFC hardware tap-to-pay terminal, and much more.  
 
 
 
  



 
 
 

10 

Company Structure 
 
Metallicus Inc is a Delaware company with a traditional structure with a board of directors, CEO, 
CTO, and CCO (also later a COO and CFO).  
 
Metallicus Limited is a Hong Kong based company created to manage the currency (same 
governance as Metallicus Inc.). 
 
 
  



 
 
 

11 

Network Governance  
 
In order to join and participate in the network, actors need to be known and have their identity 
established. Metal will use proprietary anti-money-laundering (AML) and anti-fraud technology. 
This is done to onboard these otherwise high risk actors into the financial system and begin 
using a cryptocurrency and blockchain payments platform for their business requirements.  
 
Conclusion 
 
There is a huge need for a digital payments system to rival the incumbent payment processing 
regime in place today. By utilizing blockchain technology, Metal can save merchants money on 
electronic payment processing costs. By merchants passing on savings to consumers, people 
will have more choices than ever to make payments. By building a simplified system similar to 
Square, PayPal or Venmo, Metal takes advantage of the opportunities bitcoin offers in terms of 
creating an entirely new payment rail system that is transparent, redundant and efficient.  
 
References 
 
[1]  Nilson Report 1102, January 2017. 
 
[2]  Nilson Report 1101, January 2017. 
 
[3] SOAR Payments “Nutraceutical Industry Profile” https://www.soarpay.com/nutraceuticals-merchant-
accounts/ 
 
[4] Robinson, Melia, Business Insider “The legal weed market is growing as fast as broadband internet in 
the 2000s” 2017 
http://www.businessinsider.com/arcview-north-america-marijuana-industry-revenue-2016-2017-1 
 
[5] Burns, Janet, Forbes “How The 'Niche' Sex Toy Market Grew Into An Unstoppable $15B Industry” 
2016 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/janetwburns/2016/07/15/adult-expo-founders-talk-15b-sex-toy-industry-after-
20-years-in-the-fray/#3feebac75bb9 
 
[6] Morris, Chris, CNBC “Things Are Looking Up in America’s Porn Industry” 2015 
http://www.nbcnews.com/business/business-news/things-are-looking-americas-porn-industry-n289431 
 
[7] Gaudiosi, John, Fortune “How the U.S. Is Killing It in eSports” 2016 
http://fortune.com/2016/01/27/us-is-killing-it-in-esports/ 
 
[8]  Intuit 2020 Report “Twenty Trends that Will Shape the Next Decade” 
https://http-download.intuit.com/http.intuit/CMO/intuit/futureofsmallbusiness/intuit_2020_report.pdf 
 
[9] Ai Group “The Emergence of the Gig Economy” 



 
 
 

12 

http://cdn.aigroup.com.au/Reports/2016/Gig_Economy_August_2016.pdf  
 
 
[10] Buterin, Vitalk and Wood, Gavin “A Next-Generation Smart Contract and Decentralized Application 
Platform” 
https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper 
 
[11] Buterin, Vitalik “On Mining” 2014 
https://blog.ethereum.org/2014/06/19/mining/ 
 
[12] The Ethereum Wiki, “ERC20 Token Standard” 
https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC20_Token_Standard 


