














































Miniapps.pro: A Platform for a New Generation of Chatbots


1 

MiniApps.pro: 
A	Platform	for	a	New	Generation	

of	Chatbots	
Token Generation Event white paper 

 
October 1, 2017 (version 3.7.3) 

 
 
 
 

Please note that this may be not the latest version of the white paper.  
Find the latest update of this document at 

https://tokens.miniapps.pro/wp/WP_MAT_ENG.pdf  
 
 
 

TGE web site: http://tokens.miniapps.pro  
Main production web site: http://miniapps.pro  

 
  



MiniApps.pro	

 2 

Table	of	Contents 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 2 

LEGAL DISCLAIMER 4 

RISK FACTORS 4 

TOKEN GENERATION EVENT SUMMARY 7 

TERMINOLOGY 8 

OVERVIEW 9 
PROBLEM: TECHNOLOGICAL DISPARITY BETWEEN SMALL BUSINESSES AND CORPORATE WORLD 9 
OPPORTUNITY: SME MARKET IS UNDERSERVED 10 
THE SOLUTION: MULTI-SIDE MARKETPLACE/ECOSYSTEM FOR MINI-APPS 10 
MARKET SCALING FACTORS 11 
COMPARISON OF CUSTOMER CARE SOLUTIONS 15 
GROWTH DRIVERS 15 
REVENUE GENERATION MODEL 17 
BUSINESS MODEL 17 
MINIAPPS SERVICE COSTS FOR CLIENTS 17 
A SIMPLE REVENUE GENERATION CASE 17 

TOKEN GENERATION EVENT DETAILS 20 
TGE OVERVIEW 20 
GOALS OF THE TOKEN GENERATION EVENT 20 
MINIAPPS TOKEN 20 
MINIAPPS TOKENS DISTRIBUTION AND TGE PROCESS DETAILS 21 
15% TOKENS RESERVED FOR MINIAPPS TEAM 21 
MINIAPPS RESERVE FUND 21 
MINIAPPS TOKEN (MAT) DEFINITION 21 
WHERE DO I BUY AND SELL MAT? 23 
USE-CASE FOR MINIAPPS TOKENS 23 
HOW TO BUY TOKENS DURING TGE 24 
TGE REFERRAL PROGRAMME 24 
HOW WILL PROCEEDS FROM THE TOKEN SALE BE KEPT 24 

TEAM 24 
ADVISORY BOARD 26 

PROJECT TIMELINE 29 
MARKETING AND PROMOTION 30 
STRUCTURE OF EXPENDITURE 31 
OPTIMISTIC, PESSIMISTIC, AND REALISTIC SCENARIOS 32 

RISKS 34 

APPENDIX 1. SMART CONTRACT CODE 35 

APPENDIX 2. REFERENCES 35 



MiniApps.pro	

 3 

APPENDIX 3. DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS 35 

APPENDIX 4. MINIAPPS DESCRIPTION AND ADVANTAGES 36 
MOBILE SERVICES: CLIENTS’ ISSUES 36 
MOBILE SERVICES: RESOLVING THE ISSUES 37 
WHAT WE HAVE NOW 37 
DOCUMENTATION AND API 37 
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT AND MENU CONSTRUCTOR 37 
TEMPLATES AND PLUGINS 38 
EXAMPLES OF MINIAPPS CHATBOTS 39 

APPENDIX 5. DETAILS ABOUT MINIAPPS SPACE 40 
THE KEY FEATURES OF MINIAPPS SPACE: 41 
MINI-APPS 42 
PORTALS 42 
MINIAPPS SPACE ENTRY POINTS 43 
BLOCKCHAIN AND DECENTRALIZED HOSTING 43 
ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN INTEGRATION ARCHITECTURE 43 

APPENDIX 6. FAQ 45 
WHAT ARE BENEFITS OF BEING MINIAPPS PARTNER? 45 
WHAT ARE BENEFITS OF BEING MINIAPPS TOKEN HOLDER? 45 
WHICH PARTS OF YOUR PRODUCT ARE CENTRALIZED,  AND WHICH ARE DECENTRALIZED? 45 
WHAT IS NETWORK EFFECT IN MINIAPPS SPACE? 46 
HOW DOES YOUR PRODUCT DIFFER FROM OTHER DECENTRALIZED COMPETITORS? 47 
WHAT DOES THE TOKEN DO? (WHY CAN'T YOU JUST USE BITCOIN OR ETHER?) 47 
WHAT PROBLEM OR UNMET NEED IN THE MARKET DOES IT SOLVE? 48 
WHY HAVE THESE PROBLEMS NOT BEEN SOLVED IN THE PAST? 48 
HOW DOES THE PRODUCT WORK? 48 
WILL MORE TOKENS BE ISSUED OVER THE TIME, AND HOW? 48 
HOW CAN PEOPLE EARN ONE OF YOUR TOKENS? 48 
WHAT WILL HAPPEN IF MINIAPPS TOKEN IS REMOVED FROM THE MINIAPPS PLATFORM? 49 
WHAT WILL HAPPEN IF ETHEREUM PRICE WILL SKYROCKET? 49 
WHAT MAY HAPPEN TO MINIAPPS TOKEN IN CASE OF ETHEREUM HARD-FORK? 49 

  



MiniApps.pro	

 4 

 

Legal	Disclaimer	
The purpose of this White Paper is to present MiniApps Group and MiniApps Token to 
potential token holders in connection with the proposed Token Generation Event ("TGE"). 
The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of 
a contractual relationship. Its sole purpose is to provide relevant and reasonable information 
to potential token holders in order for them to determine whether to undertake a thorough 
analysis of the company with the intent of acquiring MiniApps Tokens. 
 
Nothing in this White Paper shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus of any sort or a 
solicitation for investment, nor does it in any way pertain to an offering or a solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction. This document is not composed in accordance 
with, and is not subject to, laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, which are designed to 
protect investors. 
 
The product (utility) token is not a digital currency, security, commodity, or any other kind of 
financial instrument and has not been registered under the Securities Act, laws of any state 
of the United States or the securities laws of any other country, including the securities laws 
of any jurisdiction in which a potential token holder is a resident. 
 
MiniApps Token cannot be used for any purposes other than as provided in this White 
Paper, including but not limited to, any investment, speculative or other financial purposes. 
 
MiniApps Token confers no other rights in any form, including but not limited to any 
ownership, distribution (including, but not limited to, profit), redemption, liquidation, property 
(including all forms of intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights, other than those 
specifically set forth below. 
 
Certain statements, estimates and financial information contained herein constitute forward-
looking statements or information. Such forward-looking statements or information involve 
known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events or results to 
differ materially from the estimates or the results implied or expressed in such forward-
looking statements. 
 
This English language White Paper is the primary official source of information about the 
MiniApps Token. The information contained herein may from time to time be translated into 
other languages or used in the course of written or verbal communications with existing and 
prospective customers, partners etc. In the course of such translation or communication 
some of the information contained herein may be lost, corrupted, or misrepresented. The 
accuracy of such alternative communications cannot be guaranteed. In the event of any 
conflicts or inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official 
English language White Paper, the provisions of this English language original document 
shall prevail. 
 

Risk	Factors	
The purchase of tokens involves a high degree of risk, including but not limited to the risks 
described below. Before acquiring MiniApps tokens, it is recommended that each 



MiniApps.pro	

 5 

participant carefully weighs all the information and risks detailed in this White Paper, and, 
specifically, the following risk factors. 
 
Dependence on computer infrastructure 
MiniApps Group's dependence on functioning software applications, computer hardware 
and the Internet implies that MiniApps Group can offer no assurances that a system failure 
would not adversely affect the use of the sale participants’ MiniApps Tokens. Despite 
MiniApps Group's implementation of all reasonable network security measures, its 
processing center servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-
ins or other disruptions of a similar nature. Computer viruses, break-ins or other disruptions 
caused by third parties may result in interruption, delay or suspension of services, which 
would limit the use of the MiniApps Tokens. 
 
Smart contract limitations 
Smart contract technology is still in its early stages of development, and its application is of 
experimental nature. This may carry operational, technological, regulatory, reputational and 
financial risks. Consequently, although the audit conducted by independent third party 
increases the level of security, reliability, and accuracy, this audit cannot serve as any form 
of warranty, including any expressed or implied warranty that the MiniApps Smart Contract 
is fit for purpose or that it contains no flaws, vulnerabilities or issues which could cause 
technical problems or the complete loss of MiniApps Tokens. 
 
Regulatory risks 
Blockchain and other new technologies, including but not limited to the issue of tokens, may 
be a new concept in some jurisdictions, which may then apply existing laws or introduce 
new regulations regarding Blockchain technology-based applications, and such regulations 
may conflict with the current MiniApps smart contract setup and MiniApps Token concept. 
This may result in the need to make substantial modifications to the MiniApps smart 
contract, including but not limited to its termination, the loss of MiniApps Tokens, and the 
suspension or termination of all MiniApps Token functions. 
 
Taxes 
MiniApps token holders may be required to pay taxes associated with the transactions 
contemplated herein, whether in the United States or in their home countries. It will be a 
sole responsibility of MiniApps Token holders to comply with the tax laws of the United 
States and other jurisdictions applicable to them and pay all relevant taxes. 
 
Force Majeure 
MiniApps Group’s performance may be interrupted, suspended or delayed due to force 
majeure circumstances. For the purposes of this White Paper, force majeure shall mean 
extraordinary events and circumstances which could not be prevented by MiniApps Group 
and shall include: acts of nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial 
actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage or other failures of energy 
supplies or communication service, acts of municipal, state or federal governmental 
agencies, other circumstances beyond MiniApps Group's control, which were not in 
existence at the time of White Paper release. If such circumstances occur prior to the issue 
of MiniApps Tokens and MiniApps Group is unable to issue MiniApps Tokens within one 
month from the projected date, the escrow agent may issue a refund at the request of the 
MiniApps Token purchasers. The refund will be issued in the original amount and form of 
payment to the same digital wallet or bank account where the funds were transferred from. 
 
Disclosure of information 



MiniApps.pro	

 6 

Personal information received from MiniApps Token holders, the information about the 
number of tokens owned, the wallet addresses used, and any other relevant information 
may be disclosed to law enforcement, government officials, and other third parties when 
MiniApps Group is required to disclose such information by law, subpoena, or court order. 
MiniApps Group shall at no time be held responsible for such information disclosure. 
 
Value of MiniApps Token 
Once purchased, the value of MiniApps Token may significantly fluctuate due to various 
reasons. MiniApps Group does not guarantee any specific value of the MiniApps Token over 
any specific period of time. MiniApps Group shall not be held responsible for any change in 
the value of MiniApps Token. 
Risk of abandonment / lack of success. 
The MiniApps Token and the development of the MiniApps Token and/or MiniApps Group 
project may be abandoned for a number of reasons, including lack of interest from the 
public, lack of funding, lack of commercial success or prospects (e.g. caused by competing 
projects). 
 
Risk associated with other applications. 
MiniApps Software may give rise to other, alternative projects, promoted by unaffiliated third 
parties, under which the MiniApps Token will have no intrinsic value. 
 
Risk of loss of private key. 
MiniApps Tokens can only be accessed by using an Ethereum wallet with a combination of 
token holder’s account information (address), private key and password. The private key is 
encrypted with a password. If token holder's private key file or password respectively gets 
lost or stolen, the obtained MiniApps Tokens associated with the Contributor's account 
(address) or password will be unrecoverable and will be permanently lost. Additionally, any 
third party that gains access to the token holder's private key, including by gaining access 
to the login credentials relating to the token holder's Ethereum wallet, may be able to 
misappropriate the MiniApps Tokens of token holder. 
 
Risk of theft.  
The MiniApps Smart Contract System concept, the underlying software application and 
software platform (i.e. the Ethereum blockchain) may be exposed to attacks by hackers or 
other individuals that could result in theft or loss of MiniApps Token or ETH, impacting the 
ability to develop the MiniApps Token and/or MiniApps Software. 
 
Risk of Ethereum mining attacks. 
The blockchain used for the MiniApps Smart Contract System is susceptible to mining 
attacks, including but not limited to double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, 
“selfish-mining” attacks, and race condition attacks. Any successful attacks present a risk 
to the Smart Contract System, expected proper execution and sequencing of MiniApps 
Token transactions, and expected proper execution and sequencing of contract 
computations. 
 
Risk of incompatible Wallet service. 
The wallet or wallet service provider used for the contribution, has to be technically 
compatible with the MiniApps Token. The failure to assure this may have the result that 
token holder will not gain access to his MiniApps Token. 
 
Please note that the MiniApps Group project may be subject to other risks not foreseen by 
its team at this time. 
  



MiniApps.pro	

 7 

Token	Generation	Event	Summary	
 
Token name MiniApps Token (MAT) 
What is it? Ethereum ERC223 compatible token. Each token grants the 

following rights to its holder: 
1) Right to become a partner 
2) Right for partner discounts 
3) Right for extra commission from template sales 
4) Right to run a referral program 
 

Token price 
during Token 
Generation 
Event 

1 MAT = 0.01 ETH 

Issuing volume 
and conditions 

1. During the Token Generation Event, no more than 20 
million tokens will be issued on the Ethereum platform as 
standard ERC223 tokens 

2. No more tokens will be issued after the Token 
Generation Event 

3. Hard cap: 100,000 ETH 
4. Soft cap: $2,000,000 

Token 
availability 

MiniApps tokens (MAT): 
• Become available immediately during the Token 

Generation Event via Ethereum smart-contract; 
• Purchase and transfer become gradually available over a 

15-day period after the end of the Token Generation 
Event by means of smart contracts 

Token 
distribution 

1. 50% of tokens will be available for the participants of 
Token Generation Event 

2. 35% of tokens will be reserved for partners, community 
grants, and the bounty campaign 

3. 15% of tokens will be reserved for the MiniApps team  

Use of 
proceeds from 
the Token sale 

1. 68% Marketing and office 
2. 25% Software development 
3. 7% Technical support 

Security Funds raised during the Token Generation Event will be 
kept in the multisig wallets, according to industry 
standards 

Platform Ethereum 
Token sale 
start/end date 
and time 

Start - October 18th 2017, 00:00 UTC 
End - December 19th 2017, 00:00 UTC 
 

 
  



MiniApps.pro	

 8 

Terminology	
MiniApps.pro 
The official name of the project of smart chatbot Omni channel platform located at 
www.miniapps.pro. The platform operates in the cloud since mid-2016. The B2B version is 
in operation and development for about 10 years already. 
The main advantages are: 

• All popular messengers are supported, plus SMS, plus USSD. A bot can work in 
multiple channels simultaneously; 

• Plugged in AI/NLP solutions, including a proprietary neural network based solution; 
• Template marketplace; 
• Web based visual constructor of bots. 

Miniapp 
Short for Mini Application. The name conveys the idea of simple interface, in contrast with 
bulky desktop applications, like web browsers, or text processors, with a lot of buttons, 
banners, and other distracting elements. 
In the narrow sense Miniapp can be understood as a chatbot, but in fact it is a wider 
concept. Besides messengers, where Miniapp equals chatbot, it can utilize SMS and USSD 
channels, work on smartphones as an Android or IOS application, and in web-chat systems. 
Miniapp is a thin application that communicates with the user using natural language (voice 
or text) and/or menu. 
Miniapp can work with messengers as a chatbot, on smartphones as a special application, 
be a part of other applications, like web-chat, or chat integrated into a smartphone 
application. Miniapp can run on a car computer, or be fused into Internet of Things. 
Template 
Template is a key concept in MiniApps.pro. Template is a Miniapp that can be provided to 
the user through another Miniapp. Imagine a robot that provides some service to another 
robot that in its turn provides a service to the human user. 
The main goal of Template is to spare resources (time and labor) when creating Miniapps. 
With ready-made templates, one can create a working business solution without any 
programming. 
MiniApps.pro already contains a basic set of Templates (NLP, phone authorization, CRM 
integration, chat based call-centre, mailer). Third party developers will augment the 
Template library adding their own Templates. 
Client 
Client is a Miniapp owner who benefits from it providing services to end users. Banks, 
corporations, small and medium businesses, even individuals can be MiniApps.pro Clients. 
For instance, an artist can use MiniApps.pro and create a bot for collectors to watch his or 
her masterpieces, make bargains, or get information about oncoming exhibitions. 
Partner 
The Partner is an important part of MiniApps.pro marketing strategy. 
MiniApps.pro is primarily designed for MSME segment – small and medium enterprises. 
That is why we want to make smart chatbots and mini applications affordable to everybody, 
not only large corporations. However, we understand that a hairdresser, or small café owner 
is not able to create a chatbot by oneself, even though it is cheap and easy. Lack of time, 
skill, technical and marketing expertise makes it difficult, if not impossible. 
The Partner network should remove this barrier. Partners will help to create Miniapps. Some 
partners with enough technical resources will create complex custom solutions. But it is not 



MiniApps.pro	

 9 

mandatory. Other partners will make simpler applications without even a bit of 
programming, taking help from ready-made Templates. 
Template Developer 
MiniApps.pro allows third-party developers to offer their Templates on the Template 
Marketplace. Should a Template be used by someone to create a Miniapp, the Template 
Developer gets paid for it. 
This system will galvanize development of Templates, quickly expand the Partner network, 
and benefit the whole MiniApps.pro community. 
MiniApps Space 
MiniApps Space is a perfect ecosystem that we will build during the token sale and then as 
a part of the project development. It should unite Partners, Clients, Template Developers, 
and users into a solid community. 
MiniApps Space main characteristics: 

- Openness and decentralization based on MiniApps Space internal blockchain; 
- Protection of rights of community members with the use of MiniApps Space smart 

contracts; 
- Usage of semantic modelling language when creating smart contracts. This 

language is understood by common people, not only by programmers; 
- Operation of MiniApps Space is independent of any central entity and messenger 

proprietors. This is achieved by decentralization of the MiniApps core. 
MiniApps Token (MAT) 
Ethereum ERC20 compatible token. Each token grants the following rights to its holder: 

- Right to become a Partner; 
- Right for Partner discounts; 
- Right for extra commission from Template sales; 
- Right to run a referral program. 

Overview	
MiniApps.pro is a new generation AI and blockchain powered chatbot platform. With 
MiniApps clients can easily construct chatbots/miniApps from the building blocks which we 
call templates. This allows users with little or no knowledge in programming to create 
chatbots/miniApps. 

Problem: technological disparity between small businesses and 
corporate world 
Now everybody is talking about high tech — artificial intelligence, neural networks, mobile 
apps, chatbots, conversational UX, blockchain. Those technologies can be used either by 
high tech companies, or big corporations. But the problem is that there is a huge gap 
between those types of companies, and SME’s (small and medium enterprises). Everybody 
heard about banks or airlines experimenting with AI chatbots for customer service. Can you 
imagine barbershop using AI on chatbots for customer care or online marketing?  
 
There is a huge gap between SME’s and corporations or high-tech companies in terms of 
skills, resources, and knowledge. Small businesses simply cannot afford AI, chatbots, apps, 
blockchain etc. It is too expensive for them, they don’t know how to manage it. On the other 
hand, cutting edge tech companies cannot justify building solutions for SME market 
because for them it’s easier to catch big fish — corporate clients. 



MiniApps.pro	

 10 

Opportunity: SME market is underserved  
This lack of interest to SME market means that this market is generally underserved. IT and 
high-tech companies prefer to go to either B2C or corporate B2B.  
 
We decided to bridge this gap. We build a new technology and business model based on a 
blockchain which makes AI, neural nets, and other high-tech stuff available to a more than 
300 mln SME’s around the globe. We are developing MiniApps — a new generation chatbot 
and marketplace where community of developers can create chatbot templates using our 
API, AI, neural nets, machine learning etc. And where sales partners use Visual Builder to 
stick together those templates like Lego bricks to create chatbots for SME clients. And 
high-tech companies can now focus on creating solutions for this huge market and enjoy 
cooperation with our partners’ community around the world.  
 
MiniApps already has a community of more than 5000 developer teams from different 
countries like Russia, US, Europe, Ukraine, Pakistan, India, Philippines. Now we want to 
help them to reach huge SME market to scale their businesses. And on the other hand, we 
want to improve social and economic environment by helping SME’s around the world. 

The Solution: multi-side marketplace/ecosystem for mini-apps 
By miniApps we mean not only chatbots but also mobile web apps, SMS/USSD (for feature 
phones). MiniApps.pro platform supports all major messengers -- WeChat, Viber, Telegram, 
Facebook, Vkontakte, Kik, Line etc. We also plan to add voice/IVR and smartphone apps. 
 
Our market strategy focuses on building a partner network for serving MSME (micro, small, 
and medium enterprises) market, which is estimated up to 300+ mln SME. Such huge 
numbers, even if you consider 10% of this market, may require having large number of 
partners globally. This brings many problems: how to have reliable billing for partners and 
template developers, how to implement payments collection and pay-outs, how to handle 
security. For example, we have partners in Nigeria. Now it is a headache for them to pay to 
us, and for us to receive their payment as well using regular bank transfers. Blockchain just 
removes this headache. 
 
So, it is natural for us to consider blockchain as a core technology to solve those problems. 
 
The market is big and it’s constantly growing. Evidently, MiniApps or any other vendor will 
not be able to meet the demand due to natural lack of resources (even each country has 
region-specific requirements in terms of language, communication practices, business 
cases - can you imagine the number of Customers and their requirements in each of these 
countries?). That’s why we need a space where developers from all over the world can add 
templates, modules, languages, etc. and get rewards. Here decentralization comes into the 
game. 
 
That’s why we need token. The main applications are: 

• right to become a partner (access to templates existing in the marketplace, 
opportunity to put yours on the marketplace); 

• additional discounts and commissions for token-holders; 
• running referral program;  
• hosting of nodes; 
• many others. 

 



MiniApps.pro	

 11 

All in all, the most important value of this project is «space» and community working in this 
space. And TGE is made not only/mainly for fund raising, but for creating MiniApps 
community that will be able to meet demand of customers using benefits of «space» all over 
the world. 
 
Our goal is to build multi-side market with partners, their clients, end-users, and template 
developers. This makes new technologies such as AI/NLP, fintech and chatbots available 
for small and medium enterprises through the efforts of MiniApps partners network.  
 
On the other hand, MiniApps.pro opens global market to template developers. Those 
chatbot developers who used to build just regular chatbots, can now convert them into 
templates and make globally available via MiniApps.pro. So, MiniApps.pro offers chatbot 
developers a highway for scaling their business globally.  
 
Besides that, MiniApps.pro with its templates’ marketplace reduces costs of customer 
support for partners and their clients (SME’s), and facilitates marketing through more 
effective communication channels.  
 
Currently we already have several partners in Russia and CIS, Eastern Europe, Africa and 
SEA regions. 
 
The platform is up and running. Client accounts, documentation, API, and demos are 
available at http://miniapps.pro  
 
WP and other details can be found at https://tokens.miniapps.pro  

Market scaling factors 
We see three important factors that will enable our platform to take at least 10% of the 
world’s MSME chatbot market (micro-, small and medium enterprises): 
 

1. Integrated and innovative technologies, available through business app templates.  
2. A business model oriented toward fast market intervention through regional 

partnerships.  
3. Cultivation of the decentralized MiniApps Space community and ecosystem through 

the MiniApps platform and blockchain technology. 
 
MiniApps.pro Community and Network Effect  
The more templates there are the easier it is to create template-based mini-apps; this 
increases the number of the applications. The more apps and services there are the more 
users they attract; this increases the value of the network for both users and developers. 

• the more successful app implementations businesses see the easier it is for 
developers to sell their apps; 

• new users discover useful apps via their network buddies; 
• as predicted by network effect, increase of one group increases the value of the 

network for all groups that results in more people joining both groups. 
• as predicted by network effect, growth of number of network participants increases 

usage of app templates and their value. This attracts new developers to the platform 
which increases the number of new templates in a positive feedback loop. 

 
 



MiniApps.pro	

 12 

 
 
 

 
MiniApps Space Ecosystem Overview 
Three major differences of MiniApps Space comparing to current MiniApps.pro is the 
following: 

1. Decentralized ecosystem and marketplace with decentralized billing supporting this 
marketplace.  

2. MiniApps Core run by 3rd party Core Providers 
3. MiniApps Portals run by Portal operators 

 
Reasons to implement decentralized ecosystem vs. centralized are the following: 

1. Decentralized ecosystems are more transparent to the members of the community; 
thus, they are more attractive. 

2. Decentralized ecosystems are more flexible and open in terms of innovations thus 
they are more adaptable to changing environment. 

3. Decentralized ecosystems have more options to incentivize members. 
 
MiniApps Space at its core is based on special technology, which we call semantic smart-
contracts, for implementation of the decentralized billing. The rationale to use semantic 
smart-contracts for decentralized ecosystems is given here [TBD].   
  
The MiniApps Space will be independent, distributed, and self-developing community, 
which will facilitate the growth and adoption of chatbots/miniapps by end-users and SME’s. 
 
See the details in Appendix 5. 
 
Project History / Traction 
MiniApps Project is a spin-off business of Eyeline.mobi, the company that provides platform 
solutions for telecoms, banks and fintech companies: USSD/SMS centers, Mobile 
Advertising, Service Delivery, Customer Self-care platforms etc. Eyeline’s major clients are 

More 
miniapps

More 
users

More 
templates



MiniApps.pro	

 13 

Mobile TeleSystems, Tele2, Beeline, SMART Philippines, Alfa-Bank, Atos Origin, Panasonic, 
and YellowPages Philippines. 
 
MiniApps serves about 10 mln mobile users around the world, and sends about 1 billion 
messages monthly. More than 5000 development teams are registered with MiniApps. The 
platform is currently used mostly in the corporate sector – our existing partner network 
includes major Russian mobile operators and banks - Mobile TeleSystems, Alfa-Bank, 
Tele2, and others: 

• customer self-care portal *111# at Mobile TeleSystems (mobile carrier) – 
http://www.mts.ru/mob_connect/services/mts_service/;  

• customer mobile assistant (Telegram chatbot) at Mobile TeleSystems – 
http://www.mts.ru/mob_connect/help/selfservices/assistant/, @MyMTSBot;  

• mobile banking portal at Alfa-Bank – https://alfabank.ru/everyday/online/alfadialog/ ;  
• fintech services at Beeline and Tele2 (mobile carriers); 
• YellowPages Philippines Telegram chatbot – @DPCMessengerBot; 
• mobile money providers in Nigeria – USSD-aggregation. 

 
The Target Market Description 
There are currently more than 7 billion SIM-cards in the world. Cell phones are available to 
everyone almost for free; smartphones and the mobile Internet are also getting cheaper, and 
are now affordable even for people with low income. As a result, many enterprises, 
especially B2C, use mobile to communicate with their clients, partners and employees. This 
trend is called ‘business mobilization’, and it involves the following means of communication 
between parties via mobile services: 
 

• voice services, e.g. call centers; 
• SMS/USSD; 
• mobile websites; 
• internet messengers; 
• mobile applications. 

 
The market for micro-, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) is big and lucrative. There 
are between 365 and 445 million MSMEs in emerging markets (formal and informal) 
according to the World Bank1. Other research from IFC suggests that the number of formal 
MSMEs is more than 125 mln2. And all of them are potential clients. 
 

                                                
1 http://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/financialsector/brief/smes-finance  
2http://www.ifc.org/wps/wcm/connect/industry_ext_content/ifc_external_corporate_site/industries/finan
cial+markets/msme+finance/sme+banking/msme-countryindicators  



MiniApps.pro	

 14 

 
  



MiniApps.pro	

 15 

Comparison of customer care solutions  
Below is a comparison of implementation costs for customer care solution using 
different channels for the average audience of 1 mln end-users.  
 

 
 

 
 
These diagrams demonstrate that miniapps are more cost effective comparing to other 
scenarios. 
 
For detailed overview of issues potential clients may face and possible solutions see 
Appendix 4. 

Growth Drivers 
The two main growth drivers for MiniApps will be accelerating chatbot penetration and the 
‘mobilization’ of MSMEs in developing countries.  
 
Growth driver 1: growing popularity of messengers 

$100 000 

$10 000 

$100 000 

$10 000 

$15 000 

$200 

M O B I L E  A P P S

S M S / U S S D  ( 1  M L N  U S E R S )

C A L L  C E N T E R  ( 3 0  H U M A N  O P S )

M O B I L E  W E B S I T E

O F F - P L A T F O R M  C H A T B O T  ( 3  
M E S S E N G E R S )

M I N I A P P S  C H A T B O T  ( 1  M L N  
E N D - U S E R S )

INITIAL COSTS

$20 000 

$300 000 

$1 000 000 

$5 000 

$15 000 

$3 200 

M O B I L E  A P P S

S M S / U S S D  ( 1  M L N  U S E R S )

C A L L  C E N T E R  ( 3 0  H U M A N  O P S )

M O B I L E  W E B S I T E

O F F - P L A T F O R M  C H A T B O T  ( 3  
M E S S E N G E R S )

M I N I A P P S  C H A T B O T  ( 1  M L N  
E N D - U S E R S )

ANNUAL COSTS



MiniApps.pro	

 16 

Chatbot popularity is growing among both young (aged 14-20) and mature (21-50) users – 
see the chart for India below. This is explained mostly by the low adoption threshold for 
chatbots – no need to download apps, no additional smartphone memory usage. 

 
 
Growth driver 2: growing penetration of mobile internet use by SME’s in emerging 
markets 
Developing countries require accessible infrastructures for their MSMEs, and are usually 
ignored by new technological companies who either lack knowledge about them or face 
legal and financial difficulties in working there.  
 

 
 
MiniApps helps to build accessible infrastructures for communication between businesses 
and their clients, which will result in increased labor productivity and efficiency for local 
MSMEs, thus contributing to the well-being of local communities.  
 



MiniApps.pro	

 17 

The chatbot market today is like social networks in the early 2000s. The ones who enter this 
market now will be the leaders in 5-10 years. 
 

Revenue Generation Model 

Business Model 
Chatbot technology helps small businesses integrate into the world of modern technologies, 
while medium-size enterprises benefit from it by expanding their market presence. This is 
why we have chosen partnership as the basic model. This is a triple-win situation – clients 
win by receiving convenient hi-tech service, partners win by making money reselling 
MiniApps.pro solutions, and Token Generation Event participants win by helping partner 
networks grow and by furthering the evolution of their products.  

MiniApps Service Costs for Clients  
The basic package monthly fee is $33, which includes:  

1. minimal monthly fee for one MiniApps account – $5;  
2. package of any two chatbot templates3, monthly – $15;  
3. technical support – $13.  

A Simple Revenue Generation Case 
Let’s consider a simple scenario for revenue generation: 
• a Partner signs a client to run a chatbot app based on some template. The Client pays 

the Partner in fiat or crypto (min package $33/month); 
• access to all the functionality of MiniApps platform and templates is activated by means 

of MiniApps tokens smart-contract. When a miniapp/chatbot is activated by the Partner 
(using MAT token), the Partner gets 50% (but no more than 500 USD per year) discount 
of all the license and technical support fees. So, the Partner will earn $16.5/month out 
of $33/month, or $198/year;  

• if the template is created by a third-party developer then 32% goes to that Template 
Developer using the MAT for this; 

• 18% goes to MiniApps. 
 
This is illustrated by the picture below. 

                                                
3 Minimal package allows clients to use any of two templates out of basic set of templates: Chat Call 
Centre, Booking/Registration, IPS/Survey, Bitrix CRM Integration, etc. Each template’s price is set by 
its owner/developer. So the cost of any additional template is shared with the partner 50/50 percent. 
Template prices may be a function of time, number of end users, traffic, etc. For example, price of 
voice verification template may depend on the number of verifications (i.e. number of transactions). 



MiniApps.pro	

 18 

 
 

Goal Marketing tools Technological tools 

Entering MSME market Sales via partners, discounts for 
partners, referral system  

Referral system 

Cost reduction for 
MiniApps & partners 

Partner training, webinars Templates marketplace; 
Chatbot Constructor. 

Local market penetration Sales via partners; working with 
local integrators & template 
developers; local representatives 
work with communities and 
developers. 

Templates shop; 
Local languages support 
through best NLP/AI 
providers. 

Sales growth Providing incentives for partners 
(discounts, access to templates 
marketplace, referral system, user 
reviews); Partner training; 
Templates tailored for specific 
market segments; Incentives for 
template devs (partners reviews in 
the marketplace, other marketing 
tools to facilitate sales of 
templates). 

Templates shop; referral 
system 
Training materials. 

 
Innovative Technologies 
Up to now, MiniApps has implemented AI/NLP (Natural Language Processing) templates, 
which enable chatbots to maintain human conversations on various topics. It integrates with 
popular AI systems like api.ai, Microsoft QNA Maker, and similar platforms. The MiniApps 
approach of integration with those AI/NLP systems makes it possible to overcome their 
conceptual and technical limitations. What is very important, all existing AI/NLP engines 
have specific limitations in terms of languages support. For example, Google’s API.ai does 
not support Bahasa Indonesia (240 mln speakers) and Philippines Tagalo (90 mln speakers). 



MiniApps.pro	

 19 

On the other hand, MiniApps.pro easily allows integrate some other AI/NLP vendor for those 
languages so that template developers and partners can easily support custom languages 
on the same code base.  
 
Our further plans include introducing neural networks and Reinforced Learning, which will 
result in dramatic improvements in NLP quality. We will also adapt NLP for major regional 
languages, which is important for quick market expansion. 
  
Another innovation is a neural recommendation system, with corresponding business app 
templates based on the Tensor Product mechanism developed by the Institute of 
Mathematics of the Russian Academy of Sciences. It will enable MiniApps to construct a 
personalized experience for chatbot users, which, together with recommendation features, 
will force higher conversion rates and boost client loyalty. 
 
For MiniApps Space semantic smart-contracts are planned to be used as a foundation for 
decentralized billing. Semantic smart-contracts are based on a semantic modelling (also 
known as ∑-programming) – part of Computer Science and Mathematical Logic developed 
in 80th-90th by Academicians Ershov Yu.L, Goncharov S.S., and Sviridenko D.I.4 We plan to 
collaborate with the Institute of Mathematics of the Siberian Branch of Russian Academy of 
Sciences, Novosibirsk and Irkutsk State Universities, and LibrettoLabs.com, which develops 
semantic modelling technologies. 
 
 
  

                                                
4 S.S. Goncharov, Yu.L. Ershov, D.I. Sviridenko. Semantic Programming. In IFIP’86, pages 1093-1100, Elsevier 
Science, 1986 



MiniApps.pro	

 20 

Token	Generation	Event	Details	
TGE Overview 

Goals of the Token Generation Event 
Since the MiniApps platform has been already developed, the attracted funding will primarily 
be used for fast business scaling, entering new markets by developing the partner network 
and marketing of the platform with a focus on MSME segments and emerging markets. The 
goal of the Token Generation Event is to obtain enough financial resources for MiniApps to 
reach the tipping point –  10% of the market, followed by achieving leadership of the global 
market.  
 
The necessary and important parts of successful scaling will be the further development of 
the MiniApps.pro platform, the implementation of innovative technologies, and the building 
of the MiniApps Space network.  
 
The upscaling will be carried out using a partnership model. The partners will use the 
generated tokens to get access to MiniApps platform and its functions specific for partners. 
The Token Generation Event will allow enough funding to be gathered to take a 10% share 
of the targeted global MSME market (more than 300 mln businesses, according to The 
World Bank), reaching a tipping point and then achieving global market leadership. See the 

token 

generation details below.   
 

MiniApps Token 
When we designed the concept of MAT token we set the following tasks to make it 
attractive for the crypto community: 

MARKET GOALS 
10% of the total $3B market 



MiniApps.pro	

 21 

1. After the TGE we must provide the participants with convenient mechanism of token 
acquiring and transfer, complying to the industry standards such as Ethereum 
ERC223. 

2. The token must be an integral part of MiniApps Space life circle. 
3. The token must be useful for token holders within MiniApps community. 

 

MiniApps Tokens distribution and TGE process details 
Hard cap is    100,000 ETH.  
Soft cap is    2,000,000 USD. 
 
Total volume of tokens which will be generated during TGE is 20 mln MAT. During 
TGE 10 mln MAT will be issued and available for buying by participants of TGE.  
 
Those tokens out of these 10 mln MAT which are not sold during TGE, will be 
burned. 
 
15% are reserved for MiniApps team.  
 
35% are reserved for partners and advisors, bounty campaign, hackathons, 
community grants, and MiniApps Reserve Fund. 

15% tokens reserved for MiniApps Team 
Tokens reserved for team will be kept in a multisig wallet. These tokens will be 
distributed gradually over 3 years (5% each year) to the team members in 
accordance with reaching project milestones. 
 
MiniApps Board of Directors will be responsible for taking a decision on tokens to be 
released for the Team. 

MiniApps Reserve Fund 
Tokens in this Fund are to be used for the purposes of promotion and marketing 
campaigns facilitating development of the partners’ and developers’ community. 
MiniApps Board of Directors will be responsible for releasing tokens out of this 
Reserve Fund. 

MiniApps Token (MAT) definition 
MiniApps utility Token is a ERC223 compatible Ethereum based smart-contract software.  
Each token grants its holder one of the following rights:  
Right to become a partner  
A token holder is eligible for the status of Partner in exchange for one token. The status is 
valid for one year and is automatically prolonged if the user’s wallet balance is at least 1 
MAT. Only whole MAT tokens grant this opportunity.  
The Partner status allows: 

• registering 10 (ten) mini-apps in MiniApps search system and their integration into 
MiniApps Space portals; 

• registering 2 (two) templates in MiniApps template shop; 



MiniApps.pro	

 22 

• participating in referral program and earning revenue  from attracted clients (see 
below). 

Right for partner discounts 
Any partner is eligible for one-year long 50% partner discount (but no more than 500 USD 
per year) in exchange for one MAT token per year. Only whole MAT token grants this 
opportunity. The discount is applicable to registered mini-apps only; annual aggregate 
payment is taken into account.  
 
Example: 
A partner registers several mini-apps based on MiniApps Shop templates. The 
annual aggregate payment for them is 2,300 USD. Then the discount is calculated in 
the following way:    
 Discount (1 MAT) = min ( 50% * Annual_cost, $500 ) 
The partner reduces this payment by 500 USD in exchange for 1 MAT per year.  

• though 50% is $2,300 * 50% = $1,150  
• 1 МАТ grants the maximum discount of $500. 

The partner reduces his payment by 1,150 USD in exchange for 3 MAT per year. 
• though 3 МАТ grants  maximum discount of 1,500 USD  
• it cannot exceed 50%, that is $2,300 * 50% = $1,150. 

Right for extra commission from template sales 
Any partner is eligible for one-year long extra commission from registered template sales in 
exchange for tokens. Only whole MAT tokens grant this opportunity. 
The basic sales commission is 16%. The extra commission is another 16% but no more 
than $500 a year per 1 token. In total, a partner can get no more than 32% of total 
registered template sales.  
 
Example: 
A partner registers several templates in MiniApps Shop. Suppose, his total 
commission is $20,000 a year. 
By default, the partner gets 16% or  $20,000 * 16% = $ 3,200 
In exchange for 1 MAT per year he gets $3,700:  

• default commission is $20,000 * 16% = $ 3,200 
• plus additional min( $20,000* 16%, 500$) = $ 500 
• total $3,200 + $500 = $ 3,700 

In exchange for 7 MAT per year partner gets $ 6,400: 
• default commission is $20,000 * 16% = $ 3,200 
• plus additional min( $20,000 * 16%;  7 MAT *500$ ) = $ 3,200 
• total $3,200 + $3,200 = $ 6,400 

Note. It should be understood that the privilege of exchanging tokens for partner discount, 
or additional commission is granted only after acquiring the partner status, which costs 1 
MAT a year. 

Right to run a referral program 
Any partner can run a referral program in exchange for 1 MAT per year. It is operated via 
Account Settings. The referral program enables a partner to attract new clients and get 
commission from their payments. Such clients may get discounts for their mini-



MiniApps.pro	

 23 

apps/chatbots in exchange for partner's MATs on the terms set by the partner, yet 
according to the discounts conditions they already have.   
 
For example, a partner may launch a referral program with the following terms: a client gets 
30% discount for every partner’s 1 MAT per year (but no more than $ 300 a year). 
Compared to $ 1000 (the total annual cost of mini-apps without discount), the cost for the 
client is now $1,000-$300 = $ 700, of which the partner gets $200 discount to pay for his 
other chatbots.    

Where do I buy and sell MAT? 
We expect that several months after TGE end MiniApps tokens will become available on 
major crypto-exchanges. 
 
For those who think that using an exchange is too complicated we will implement a 
MiniApps personal account feature to obtain MAT. This will not be an alternative to existing 
exchange platforms; it will work when MiniApps team informs token holders about token 
availability. Token holders may agree on the proposed rates or use crypto exchanges. 

Use-case for MiniApps tokens 
Participant Spends MAT Earns MAT 

User For mini-apps paid 
services 

 

For voting and rating 

Mini-app token 
holder/partner 

For registration of mini-
applications in MiniApps 
Space 

From users for mini-apps 
paid services  

For using templates from 
MiniApps Space shop 

For launching a referral 
program 

Partial refund for using 
templates from the shop 
(if a discount is registered) 

For registration of a 
discount for a mini-app 

Developer of templates For registration of 
templates in MiniApps 
Space shop 

A Template Developer 
earns tokens when 3rd 
party applications use the 
template she created. 

For using other templates 
from MiniApps Space 
shop 

Portal operator Same as mini-app owner Same as mini-app owner 



MiniApps.pro	

 24 

For registration of portal in 
MiniApps Space 

Commission from user 
payments for mini-app 
services if they are 
accessed via the portal 

For linking every 3rd party 
mini-app to the portal 

Distributed hosting 
network participant 

For registration of 
distributed hosting nodes 

For hosting of MiniApps 
Space cores. 

MiniApps Space team For distributed hosting of 
the Core. 

For template sales at 
MiniApps Space shop 

 

How to buy tokens during TGE 
To participate in TGE you need to register on TGE web site with your email and password: 
https://tokens.MiniApps.pro  
 
During TGE we will accept ETH contributions sent to the TGE smart contract. For 
participation, please login into your account on https://tokens.MiniApps.pro and get detailed 
instructions on how to participate, including the address of MiniApps TGE smart-contract. 
 
We also can manually accept TGE-contributions in currencies other than ETH with minimal 
amount equal to 50,000 USD. 

TGE Referral Programme 
We will announce TGE Referral Programme. Please follow our news resources for 
getting updates and announcements about this. 

How will proceeds from the Token sale be kept 
Proceeds from the Token sale will be kept in a multisig wallet during and right after TGE. To 
mitigate exchange rate risks, funds will be distributed in a portfolio including other key 
crypto-currencies and fiat currencies. 
 
MiniApps Board will be responsible for forming this portfolio policy.  

Team	
Our team consists of 18 high skilled professionals in the fields of software engineering, 
business development, marketing and sales. At the team's core are graduates of 
Novosibirsk State University, located in Akademgorodok - the home of Novosibirsk 
Scientific Center of the Russian Academy of Sciences. Our engineers and developers are 
experienced professionals in the creation of carrier-grade, high-performance solutions for 
mobile and Internet messaging. 
 
Programming languages: C/C++, Java, JavaScript, Python, HTML, XML. 
Competencies: system software, high-load systems, fintech, blockchain, machine learning, 
artificial intelligence, messaging, distributed transactions, computer science and math logic. 

 



MiniApps.pro	

 25 

 
VITALY GUMIROV  
CEO 
The founder of MiniApps.pro, Vitaly graduated from Novosibirsk 
State University where he specialized in Mathematical Logic and 
Computer Science. He has 25 years of experience in the IT industry, 
and a track record of several successful businesses. His company 
Eyeline Communications is a leading vendor of SMS/USSD centers 
in Russia. 
 
YURI PESHKICHEV  
COO 
Yuri is a co-founder of Eyeline Communications and Vitaly’s 
business partner for the last 20 years. All their business ideas are 
preliminarily examined by Yuri, and as a result, comprehensive 
business mechanisms appear, complete with legal frameworks, 
optimal financial flows and accurate reporting. 

 
 
PETER MATYUKOV  
VP Marketing 
Peter graduated from Novosibirsk State University, and has been 
working in IT since 1992. In Eyeline he was responsible for 
USSD/SMS and chatbot services (Telegram, Skype, VK, Facebook). 
Peter is the author of several patents related to telecommunications 
and information technologies. 
 
PAVEL KARAVANOV  
VP Business Development  
Pavel has an MBA from the State University of Management and 
MSc from Novosibirsk State University (Mathematics). He has held 
the positions of CTO and Deputy Product Director in Eyeline, 
focusing on the company's key telecom clients. Pavel has almost 20 
years of experience in IT project management. 
 
 
SERGEY LUGOVOY 
CTO  
As Senior Architect of MiniApps, Sergey is a specialist in distributed 
transactions, databases, high-load systems, and GSM stack 
technologies. He is our most experienced programmer.  
 

 
 
 
VIKTOR RYZHKOV 
Victor is our leading specialist in blockchain technology. He is a guru 
in GSM stack technologies, and wrote (with Sergey Lugovoy) the 
core of the superfast 10,000 TPS Eyeline SMS/USSD Center, serving 
the Mobile TeleSystems network in Russia.  
 
 
 



MiniApps.pro	

 26 

 
EVGENY CHUKANOV 
VP Dev Community 
Evgenу is a key engineer of the MiniApps core. He graduated from 
Novosibirsk State and Novosibirsk State Tech universities. Key 
competencies: community management, server application 
development, databases, Machine Learning, blockchain. 

 
 

 
 
 
 

Advisory Board 
 

 
DMITRY KHAN 
Strategy Advisor 
Dmitry has more than 20 years of entrepreneurship experience in hi-
tech, biotech, and space technologies. Co-founder of the first 
Russian privately-owned aerospace company Dauria Aerospace. Co-
founder of capital investment fund Rostock Biotech One, focusing on 
biotechnological solutions for increasing people's active lifespan, 
medical problems of aging, and cancer treatment. Dmitry has 
experience in investment banking, successful M&A deals in telecom, 
IT and other domains. Dmitry graduated from Moscow State 
University with a degree in Economics. He has studied at the 
International Program on the Management of Sustainability, 
Sustainability Challenge Foundation, and has experience in building 
international cooperation and joint ventures. Dmitry is an ultra-
marathoner and a master of Eastern martial arts. 
  

 
 

SERGEY CHERNEV 
Partners Network Advisor 
Sergeу has degrees in Computer Science (Tomsk Polytechnic 
University), and Physics (Novosibirsk State University). He has more 
than 20 years of entrepreneurial and IT experience, building 
international IT teams, and business development. He has held top 
managerial positions in CyberPlat and other companies. Sergey is 
author of several international IT patents, his competence includes 
databases, telecommunications and payment systems.  

 
 



MiniApps.pro	

 27 

BEN YU 
Business Development Advisor 
Ben has more than 25 years experience in IT, Technology, 
Marketing, Finance and Business Consultancy. He graduated from 
the National University of Singapore with a degree in Business 
Administration. After his career in IBM he worked as external 
consultant in the field of Business Strategic Planning, Marketing and 
Service Innovation. Ben's recent activities involve consulting on 
Business Planning & Development of Strategic Methods in the 
deployment of Blockchain technology in various industries, including 
but not limited to payment systems, cryptocurrency & products' 
authentication. 

 
ARIEL ISRAILOV 
Investment Advisor 
Ariel graduated from Finanz Akademie, Vienna and has trading and 
market making background with over 15 years of global 
entrepreneurship experience. As a venture capitalist, his investment 
focus is East-African, ASEAN and CIS countries. Ariel is the CEO and 
Founder of FRESHVALE LTD and several IT, finance and security 
technologies companies. 
 

 
ANAR BABAEV 
Marketing Advisor 
Anar Babayev is a blockchain enthusiast who specialises in ICO 
marketing. Among other successful campaigns he took part in Giga 
Watt ICO with proceeds amounted to $22 mln. Anar is also a co-
author of a number of books, such as “Marketing of Mobile Games 
and Applications”, “Website Creation”, “Promotion”, “Button Money”, 
and “Context Advertising”. He participated in development of a bunch 
of services and tools - Setup.ru, SeoPult PPC, Adtoapp.com. 

 
  
SERGUEI POPOV 
Scientific Advisor 
Serguei Popov is one of the most respected and prominent 
mathematicians in crypto community and early stage crypto 
enthusiast. He is one of the founders of IOTA and WINGS projects. 
Serguei fully mathematically substantiated the algorithms of the 
tangle for IOTA (new approach in blockchain with low cost of 
transactions). Serguei is a research mathematician working in the field 
of Stochastic Processes and living in Brazil. He became interested in 
crypto at the end of 2013, and made a number of contributions to the 
theoretical aspects of the Nxt cryptocurrency and PoS in general. 



MiniApps.pro	

 28 

 
ANDREY MANTSIVODA 
Andrey Valerievich Mantsivoda is a Professor of the Irkutsk State 
University (IrSU), Full Doctor of Mathematics and Physics, an 
acclaimed specialist in Applied Logic and Computer Science. He is 
the founder of Libretto Labs Inc. (2011), a resident of Skolkovo 
Foundation, Co-founder of Logus LLC. Andrey works with KU Leuven 
- Belgium's largest and highest-ranked university. In 2014 he was 
appointed as Vice-Rector for Strategic Development at IrSU. Andrey 
leads the team which develops a programming language Libretto 
(2010, together with A. Malykh) and works on applications of semantic 
modelling to business processes. 

 
JAN ROBERT SCHUTTE, CEO CryptoAcademy  
Jan has more than 25 years of trading experience in the derivatives 
and commodities markets. 
He was involved in creating the largest Dutch Brokerage, BinckBank. 
In 2011, he co-founded OptieAcademy that aims to increase the level 
of knowledge of investors. 
Jan Robert is a technical trader/coach who has already coached 
thousands of investors and especially in Options and Crypto Currency 
Trading. 
In 2015 Jan Robert won an investment competition among 1500 
participants. 
In September 2016 Jan Robert was Cofounder of an online community 
which has now nearly 5000 members. 
In 2017 Jan Robert co-founded and is now a CEO of 
CryptoAcademy.nl which is the #1 Dutch Crypto Trading & Blockchain 
Community. 
Jan Robert is an experienced community builder and created several 
online Investing and Crypto Currency communities. Also has Jan 
Robert a broad network in the Crypto- and Blockchain world, 
encouraged by his huge sales skills. 

   



MiniApps.pro	

 29 

Project	Timeline	
 

 
 

4Q 2017 1. Building MiniApps platform IT support system for partners. 
Right with the activation of the MiniApps tokens after the end 
of TGE core functions of MiniApps token will become 
available: partner registration and partner discount.  

2. Establishing a network of representatives in target regions that 
will start building the partner community.  

 

2018 1. MiniApps token will become available on some leading 
crypto-exchanges within 1-2 months after the end of TGE. 

2. Piloting and adaptation of business models on target markets 
(Russia, India, Philippines, Nigeria).  

3. Template Shop launch.  
4. Start of scaling up on certain target markets (Russia, India, 

Philippines, Nigeria). 

2019 1. Scaling in Africa, Asia Pacific, India, Russia and CIS.  
2. Piloting and adaptation of business models in Arabic 

countries, Iran, Latin America, Brazil, USA, Canada, Korea, 
China, and Japan. 

2020 Scaling worldwide. 
 
This plan can be adapted or changed depending on the amount of money raised via the 
Token Generation Event. 



MiniApps.pro	

 30 

Marketing and Promotion 
MiniApps.pro marketing strategy consists of the following key components: 
1. A franchise-like sales partner’s network from one side, 
2. and developers’ community from the other side, 
3. Both these communities form a MiniApps ecosystem 

a. On the first stage this ecosystem will be centralized where MiniApps team hosts and 
operates the central core; 

b. On the later decentralized stage of MiniApps Space the core can be operated by the 
independent 3rd parties. 

 
At the first stage, we plan to develop the partner network in India, Russia, and several Asian, 
Pacific and African countries. For this we are going to engage consultants with extensive 
practical knowledge of building franchise networks. On the other hand, we already have 
several key partners which work with MiniApps on commercial projects in some of these 
countries. Having said that we are not going to start from the scratch, MiniApps already has 
foundation for the partner’s network.  
 
India is a very promising country as it is a very big market, and English is an official 
language. The team leaders have working contacts with potential partners in India. 
 
Russia & the CIS are quite promising because of the large number of MSMEs, the 
availability of NLP/AI with Russian language support, and good connections maintained by 
the team in the territory. In addition, we want to contribute to economic growth and well-
being of our country.  
 
In Africa, we consider Nigeria as a starting point to enter other African markets. The team 
leaders have good connections with African entrepreneurs. African market is characterized 
by a young population, well-developed mobile networks, government support for mobile 
money providers, and about 7 mln MSMEs according to official statistics. NLP/AI can be in 
English too. 
 
Successful business cases in these countries will create good precedents, which will have a 
positive impact on the MiniApps growth in these and other markets. 
 
  



MiniApps.pro	

 31 

Structure of Expenditure 
1. Marketing and office – 68% 
2. Development – 25% 
3. Technical Support – 7%  

=  
  

Development
25%

Support
7%

Office
6%

PR 
6% 

Events
15%

Partners' support
30%

Online 
marketing

11%

Marketing
62%

Use of proceeds from the Token sale



32 

Optimistic, pessimistic, and realistic scenarios 
If	we	raise	during	TGE…	

 Current $2,000,000+ $12,000,000+ $20,000,000+ 
Engineering Continue	development	with	

current	team	
Push	work	on	centralized	
marketplace	

Decentralized	MiniApps	Space	
with	basic	template-based	
decentralized	billing	

Decentralized	MiniApps	Space	
including	semantic	smart-contract	
engine	for	the	flexible	
decentralized	billing,	R&D	on	
semantic	based	AI	and	new	gen	
conversational	UX		

 	 	 	 	
Marketing & Communication Continue	our	current	

communications	strategy	
Host	annual	events	for	partners	in	
target	markets,	PR	and	
communication		

Host	semi-annual	events	for	
partners	in	target	regions,	
participate	in	2	specialized	
conferences,	run	ad	campaigns	

Host	events	for	partners	in	each	
country,	participate	in	regional	and	
global	conferences,	run	ad	
campaigns	

Target markets Russia,	India	 Russia,	India,	Philippines	 Russia	and	CIS;	India;	SEA:	
Philippines,	Indonesia,	Malaysia;	
Africa:	Nigeria,	Tanzania,	Kenya,	
South	Africa	

Worldwide	

 	 	 	 	
Business development Pavel	Karavanov	manages	all	BD	 Hire	one	strong	BD	consultant	 Hire	one	BD	lead	for	each	of	the	

target	regions	
Build	a	team	of	junior	and	senior	
BD	talents	for	worldwide	
expansion		

Partners network development Peter	Matyukov	manages	all	
community	efforts	

Hire	one	strong	Community	
consultant	specialized	in	
developing	franchise	networks	

Host	semi-annual	meetups	in	
selected	regions	with	strong	local	
development	communities,	online	
training	programs	for	partners.	

Host	quarterly	meetups	(incl.	
online)	for	partners	and	
developers,	online	training	
programs.		

Developers’ community Evgeny	Chukanov	manages	all	dev	
community	efforts	

Hire	team	of	2	community	
managers	

Hire	strong	Dev	Community	
specialist	to	lead	building	
developers’	community	

Build	an	online	community	of	
developers	and	researchers,	run	
educational	programs	on	semantic	
based	AI,	and	smart-contracts.			

 
  



MiniApps.pro	

 33 

 



34 

Risks	
Risk  Mitigation plan Contingency plan 

Clients leave MiniApps for 
competitors 

Analysis of competitive 
environment, identification of 
additional advantages, using 
other business models. 

Change of business model, 
finding new advantages, 
forming alliances. 

Platform overload caused 
by a high number of clients 

Stress testing, cloud 
architecture. 

Additional resources, cloud 
architecture. 

Unforeseen changes on 
local markets affect 
MiniApps products 

Thorough market analysis, 
local presence, back-up 
markets and business 
models. 

Change of business model, 
finding new advantages, 
moving into new markets. 

Business model doesn’t 
work as expected, sales 
lower than planned 

Testing business models, 
back-up options, pilot 
projects. 

Adjustment/change of 
business model, elaboration 
and execution of new 
strategies. 

 
  



MiniApps.pro	

 35 

Appendix	1.	Smart	Contract	Code	
[TBD] 

Appendix	2.	References	
1. MiniApps.pro platform main website http://www.miniapps.pro  
2. Eyeline.mobi Group main website http://eyeline.mobi  
3. MiniApps.pro Token Generation Event website http://tokens.miniapps.pro  
4. MiniApps Medium https://medium.com/miniapps-pro-token  
5. MiniApps.pro News Telegram Channel https://t.me/MiniApps  
6. S.S. Goncharov, Yu.L. Ershov, D.I. Sviridenko. Semantic Programming. In IFIP’86, 

pages 1093-1100, Elsevier Science, 1986 
7. Semantic Smart Contracts and Investment Management https://goo.gl/gdqkDU  

Appendix	3.	Definitions	and	abbreviations	
AI Artificial Intelligence.  

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_intelligence 

ERC223  A standard for Ethereum-based smart-contract/token. See 
https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/223 
 

ETH Abbreviation for ether — native crypto-currency in Ethereum 
network.   
 

Ethereum Ethereum is an open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed 
computing platform featuring smart contract (scripting) 
functionality. https://www.ethereum.org 

MAT MiniApps Token, see more details in this white paper. 
MSME Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises 
NLP Natural Language Processing.  

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_language_processing 

SME Small and Medium Enterprises 
SMS Short Message Service (SS7 based messaging standard protocol 

for mobile networks) 
 

SS7 Signaling System No. 7 (SS7) is a set 
of telephony signaling protocols.  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Signalling_System_No._7 

USSD Unstructured Supplementary Service Data (menu-like messaging 
protocol based on SS7 for mobile networks). More details are here 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unstructured_Supplementary_Service
_Data 

  



MiniApps.pro	

 36 

Appendix	4.	MiniApps	Description	and	Advantages	
MiniApps is a cloud platform with a corresponding business model, a set of ready-made 
business functions/application templates, an omni-channel chatbot constructor, and 
Artificial Intelligence support. It allows businesses to reduce the costs of chatbot launch and 
support, and to improve the quality of customer service. The monthly cost of MiniApps-
based chatbot for an MSME starts at just $33.  
 
‘Omnichannel’ means integration of separate communication channels into a single system 
to ensure seamless interaction with all clients on all devices, OSes, and messaging 
software. As an omni-channel platform, MiniApps allows you to reach the widest possible 
audience without increasing development and technical support expenses. Once you've 
created a chatbot on MiniApps, it will be available to mobile users via all popular Internet 
messengers and other channels at once: 
 

• Internet messengers (Viber, Facebook, Telegram, VK, WeChat, Slack, Kik, 
WhatsApp5); 

• SMS/USSD6; 
• chat-enabled mobile websites; 
• voice call centers (planned); 
• mobile applications generator (planned); 

 
MiniApps bots are backed up by Artificial Intelligence technologies like Natural Language 
Processing to make the interface clear while improving the user experience. MiniApps does 
not depend on AI vendors, which allows us to choose the most suitable solutions for 
different markets. 
 
Thanks to the easy and convenient Menu Constructor and a set of pre-programmed 
templates, one doesn’t have to be a professional programmer to create chatbots, landing 
pages or SMS services. At the same time, our advanced API provides developers with 
enough flexibility to create highly customized mobile services. 
 
Our Analytical tools help to create metrics, and to track and report chatbot traffic for 
increased business intelligence. This provides managers with useful insights about 
communication between businesses and clients, and helps to improve customer service. 
 
Automated, AI-powered mobile services and omni-channel communication with clients 
open up new possibilities for MSME in terms of competitiveness and business growth.  

Mobile Services: Clients’ Issues 
Large organizations often use all of these communication channels. But this approach is too 
expensive for small and medium-sized businesses.  

• The cost of developing a mobile app starts at ~$100K; the annual support is at least 
$20K.  

- This is because companies need to develop and support software for all 
mobile OSes. System updates for Android and iOS are released annually, so 
the costs are quite substantial. 

                                                
5 As soon as Whatsapp opens its API. 
6 We support both SMS/USSD connections to multiple aggregators and direct connections to mobile 
network operators via standard protocol SMPP 3.4 and/or via SS7 (GSM Signaling Network). 



MiniApps.pro	

 37 

- Mobile apps promotion is complicated from both technical (multiple OSes) 
and marketing/organizational/financial perspectives (response tracking, paid 
downloads, etc.). 

- Mobile apps are not good for services that are rarely used (2-3 times per 
month); many people delete apps they don’t use in order to free up device 
memory. 

• The cost of using SMS/USSD starts at $20K (ex. traffic costs); the service is totally 
dependent on mobile network operator terms; organizing the connection can be 
difficult. 

• The costs of call centers start at several thousand USD per year and vary widely: a 
human operator’s salary is several thousand USD; voice traffic is another several 
thousand USD per year. 

- many people don’t like telephoning a company, and they hate long IVR 
menus; 

- limited functionality. 
• Development of the simplest mobile site costs at least several thousand USD; annual 

support is another several thousand. It provides one-way communication: from client 
to organization only. 

• Off-platform chatbot development starts at $5,000; annual support is several 
thousand per year per messenger. Still it is a very promising channel - see below. 

Mobile Services: Resolving the Issues 
There are several means of dealing with those problems: 

1. Hybrid mobile applications. They are developed with special tools that help cut 
development costs. The shortcomings here are limited features and high memory 
usage, which negatively affect the app user base. 

2. Cloud call centers. They help cut costs at the start, but nevertheless require the 
hiring of human operators. 

3. Social networks instead of mobile sites. This is a good decision but it cuts off those 
clients who don’t use social networks for various reasons. 

4. Using SMS/USSD channels requires integration and contracts with mobile carriers; 
an easier way is acting via an aggregator company, but having any middlemen in the 
value chain results in higher traffic costs. 

5. Specialized chatbot platforms, which can be grouped in the following categories: 
a. API–based platforms like Microsoft Bot Framework. Development on these 

platforms requires a professional (expensive) team; 
b. Constructors like Chatfuel or FlowXO are limited in features and supported 

channels (no support for SMS/USSD, voice, apps, mobile sites); 
c. NLP/AI–based like API.AI are complicated and expensive to develop, and 

have some functional limitations and issues with supported channels. 

What We Have Now 

Documentation and API 
• MiniApps Documentation and API are available at https://docs.miniapps.pro  

Account Management and Menu Constructor 
MiniApps.pro account management includes: 

• chatbot list;  
• configuration of bot connections to channels/messengers; 



MiniApps.pro	

 38 

• connection to API.AI natural language processing platform 
• connection to Google Analytics 
• chatbot Menu Constructor 
• chatbot testing tools 
• template and plugin tools (see details below) 
• statistics 
• billing and payments 

 
 

Chatbot Menu Constructor 
 

 
 

Templates and plugins 
Chatbot owners can plug-in and run bot templates that were created by third party 
developers. This can be done both via MiniApps API and Chatbot Constructor. 
 
The following chatbot templates and plugins are currently available: 

• verification of users via mobile phone (SMS, USSD, voice call); 
• biometrical verification of users (by voice); 
• payment acceptance via chatbots using credit cards 
• text chat contact center 
• geolocation-aware local search 
• mobile surveys 
• customer feedback 
• appointment scheduling (via Google Calendar) 



MiniApps.pro	

 39 

 

Examples of MiniApps Chatbots 
See MiniApps demo chatbots at http://www.miniapps.pro/demo-chatbots/   
1. Bank call center 
2. Chatbot for a gas station 
3. Taxi service 
4. Airport chatbot 
5. Fast food chatbot 
6. Emergency service chatbot 
7. Airlines chatbot 
 

 
 
  



MiniApps.pro	

 40 

 

Appendix	5.	Details	About	MiniApps	Space		
MSME need channels and tools of communication with their current and potential clients 
that perform many business functions: e-commerce, customer care, marcom, etc. Clients 
need these tools too to get the services quickly and seamlessly.  
 
However what IT industry has to offer in that respect (call centers, cellular and Internet 
messaging, mobile websites, and mobile applications) is not quite what users and small or 
medium-sized companies want. Particularly, mobile apps - probably the trendiest tool of the 
last decade - are considered  
- relatively hard to find if you need a proper app, device memory consuming, too narrow in 
usage from users' perspective; 
- too costly for MSMEs in terms of overall ownership. We discuss this in greater detail in the 
Target Market Description section below. 
 
On the other hand, there are Instant Messengers and chatbots. The latter become 
increasingly popular as they’re focused on quick access to services and they don’t need to 
be downloaded. For quick, simple actions they are better than web or mobile apps. The 
main problem is how to find the right chatbot, and how to know which ones are trustworthy. 
Another issue is that there are very few B2C chatbots. Small and medium size enterprises 
do not have the proper tools to make chatbots quickly and cheaply, to integrate them with 
their businesses, or to deliver them to users through all messengers simultaneously. 
 
The MiniApps Space is designed to solve these problems. Not only does it enable the quick 
creation and launch of AI-powered omni-channel chatbots – MiniApps Space is also a 
platform for a decentralized network and community of miniapps, owners of miniapps, 
template developers and end-users. This opens up the mobile channel for the vast majority 
of MSMEs around the world, and makes new AI, mobile and chatbot technologies more 
affordable and accessible, which benefits both MSMEs and end-users. 

 

The	Decentralized	Space	of	Mini-applications	
We are going to build MiniApps Space – the decentralized space of mini-applications – 
based on the MiniApps.pro platform and blockchain technology. It will help people get the 

MiniApps 
cloud 

Template 
Developer in 

Russia 

Chatbot owner in India 



MiniApps.pro	

 41 

services they need easier and faster, on a cell phone or any other device, even a car 
computer. 
 
As a decentralized space, it eliminates the shortcomings of current chatbots by using 
blockchain technology. Particularly, it solves the following problems: 
 

1. chatbot registration, hosting, and searching; 
2. dependency on a particular messaging platform; 
3. seamless switching from one bot to another; 
4. freedom to choose between chatbots or auto-generated mobile apps; 
5. trust and rating – transactions are saved in blockchain, all payments are made in 

cryptocurrency; 
 
MiniApps Space enables its community to fully manage their mini-applications. Registration, 
ratings, and distribution of benefits are operated through MiniApps smart contracts and 
corresponding ERC223 compatible tokens (see below for more details).  App developers 
and users will be the beneficiaries of MiniApps Space. It does not depend on corporations 
or Internet Messaging platforms, which means reduced expenses and cheaper services for 
end users.  

The Key Features of MiniApps Space: 
1. MiniApps Space is organized as a peer-to-peer network with different kinds of nodes, 
each playing its own specific role: mini-apps, portals, and distributed hosting nodes. This 
kind of structure is independent of big corporations; it allows the creation of a proper 
trust/rating system, and stimulates quick, self-driven community development. 
 
2.  Omni-channel approach. As all Internet messengers, web, SMS/USSD and mobile app 
generators are supported, miniapps will not depend on any particular IM or URL; users will 
be able to choose the form of entry that is most convenient for them.    
 
3. All essential transactions are recorded in the Ethereum blockchain. Management is 
carried out through MiniApps Ethereum smart-contracts, which implement the ERC223 
compatible MiniApps Token, or MAT.  
 
4. MAT is a license key for obtaining the rights to use MiniApps platform. 
 
5. MAT gives the holder the following MiniApps functions: 
• access to the marketplace of templates for partners/miniapp owners;  
• registration of a miniapp by owners/partners to obtain discounts and user reviews; 
• publication of templates in the marketplace by template developers, which also makes it 

possible to get reviews on the template. 
 
Also, the holder can transfer MAT token to other parties (because it is ERC223 compatible 
Ethereum based token). 

 
 



MiniApps.pro	

 42 

 

MiniApps 
The basic unit of MiniApps Space is the mini-application. It is like a planet in space. 
Chatbots are mini-applications that can accept user requests and send responses or 
notifications. They are web-services that interact with MiniApps Space via API. 
 
MiniApps Space is omni-channel, so users can access mini-applications from any Internet 
messenger, web-chat, or even mobile app. An example is mobile carrier’s chatbot that can 
show your balance, top-up your account, and turn mobile services and options on or off. 
 
Unlike simple web-page or mobile apps, a mini-application contains an extended 
description of its functions, geo-data (location, address, telephone), and trust rating. These 
data are used by MiniApps Space AI to recommend relevant services to users. 
 
All miniapp transactions (payments, request histories) are stored in blockchain, which allows 
developers to organize verification and rating systems that are reliable and trustworthy. For 
example, a person can post a review of only those apps that she really used. 

Portals 
While mini-apps are like planets in the MiniApps Space, portals are like stars with planetary 
systems. A portal is a catalogue of miniapps. It can be subject-related, e.g. Health 
Resources, or location-based, e.g. a Town Portal. 
 
Technically, when a miniapp is registered it gets connected to one or more portals. 
Gradually these miniapps form a portal cloud. A portal and its miniapps may have various 
relationships, which are fixed by smart contracts. 
 
When a user starts searching for a mobile service, MiniApps Space translates the request to 
registered portals, and they respond, basing their replies on the connected miniapps. 
 



MiniApps.pro	

 43 

If a portal owner wants to publish his portal in MiniApps Space he must pay 1 MAT for every 
miniapp connected to it. 
 
Portals are responsible for: 

• AI/NLP-models of specific domains 
• Semantic models of subject domains 
• Issuing reputational tokens for its app cloud 
• Support of continuing automatic and semi-automatic learning, and improvement of a 

domain’s semantic model. 
• Particular business models inside its mini-apps cloud and smart contracts. 
• Marketing and promotion of its entire apps cloud. 

 
We identify the following basic classes of portal business models: 

• lead generation and selling to cloud members 
• an exchange for requests and demands 

 
The main economic driver of portal growth is that they make Machine Learning and Artificial 
Intelligence technologies accessible for small and medium business on a mass scale, which 
can improve their business efficiency. 
 
The use of blockchain in MiniApps Space will improve the quality of connected services 
through a more reliable recommendation system, and reduce the cost of transactions 
between users, portals and service providers (MSME/miniapps owners). 

MiniApps Space Entry Points 
Users can access MiniApps Space from any Internet messenger, web-chat, site or mobile 
app. Programmed access via API is also possible. A chatbot or mobile app owner may let 
their users in to MiniApps Space, their product thus becoming the entry point, while users 
may choose which entry point is better for them. 

Blockchain And Decentralized Hosting 
All essential transactions between the participants (transfers of MAT, reputation points, etc.) 
are recorded in blockchain to increase trust and reduce transaction costs. All such 
transactions are implemented through MiniApps Ethereum smart-contract(s) and a 
corresponding MAT token. 
 
The hosting of miniapps will be provided by one of the fog-hosting decentralized networks 
such as Golem or Sonm; in-house implementation of a similar system is also possible. 
 
Interaction between owners of mini-apps, portals and entry points will be regulated by 
common rules, not the dictates of a controlling organization.  
 
All this makes MiniApps Space a completely decentralized and independent co-operative 
community. 

Ethereum blockchain integration architecture 
Our business strategy for scaling is based on building a partnership network. This involves 
creating local points of presence (PoP) that will run local installations of the MiniApps core 
for regions/countries. These PoP’s will be operated by separate legal entities. Also, one 
more entity will be introduced at the MiniApps Space phase – ‘miniapps’ portal’. Its role will 



MiniApps.pro	

 44 

be the audience’s aggregation, AI-assisted consolidation of knowledge in the corresponding 
subject matter, and making this knowledge available to the MSME’s in the respective 
domain/market. 
 
This strategy envisions the creation and deployment of a decentralized and distributed self-
operating messaging network, which players will include users, chatbot/miniapps owners, 
partners, template developers, MiniApps core PoP operators, and MiniApps portal 
operators. 
 
The major difficulties in implementing distributed messaging platforms such as MiniApps lay 
in the following areas: 

1. Distributed service discovery 
2. Distributed transaction support for billing and service activation/de-activation 
3. Distributed provisioning 

 
We have chosen the Ethereum platform for implementing the abovementioned core features 
of the MiniApps network. Specifically, Ethereum blockchain will store the following 
information: 

1. Registry of partners, template developers, miniapps/chatbots, templates from 
templates marketplaces, core PoP operators, portal operators, and portals; 

2. Current activation status of miniapps/chatbots and templates; 
3. Billing information. 

 
This information is available to players through the method of MiniApps smart-contracts. 
 
This approach allows players on the network to operate independently in a decentralized 
manner, improving reliability and increasing the quality of service.  
 

 
 
 
  



MiniApps.pro	

 45 

Appendix	6.	FAQ	
What are benefits of being MiniApps partner?  
Partners can get discounts for the chatbots/miniapps they register by paying MiniApps 
token (MAT). The discounts are 50% from the regular price (but no more than 500 USD per 
year). Discounts are provided both for core MiniApps functions and for 3rd party templates 
which registered chatbots/miniapps use.  
 
Taking into account that price of the base package is $33 per month, the discount obtained 
by the partner can be at least $16.50 per month or $198 per annum. 

What are the benefits of being MiniApps token holder? 
Token holders not only can obtain partner discounts and access template market place, but 
also can transfer tokens on a secondary market to MiniApps partners, clients and template 
developers. Demand for tokens will be driven by the following factors: 

1. Access to template marketplace is provided exclusively through the functionality of 
MiniApps token smart-contract. 

2. Partners can obtain their status and register their chatbots/miniapps exclusively by 
means of MiniApps tokens. 

3. Some core functions of MiniApps like voting and referral system are activated 
exclusively by means of MiniApps tokens. 

4. MiniApps tokens supply in limited to 20 mln. 

Which parts of your product are centralized,  
and which are decentralized?  
Definition: MiniApps are not only chatbots, but also SMS/USSD services, IVR with ASR 
services, and smartphone apps, which are automatically generated from MiniApps. 
 
The core of MiniApps is currently centralized, while the hosting of MiniApps/chatbots and 
additional functionality (which we call ‘templates library’) is decentralized. Templates can be 
developed by third parties (we call them ‘template developers’). Templates can provide 
various functions such as business-specific building blocks (e.g. Chat Contact Center, 
booking, or CRM integration), or infrastructure building blocks (e.g. AI/Natural Language 
Processing, user verification, payments gateway).  
 
The construction of MiniApps/chatbots for clients is handled by the decentralized network 
of partners. The partners’ roles are sales, marketing, construction of MiniApps from the 
building blocks of templates (using the web-based MiniApps constructor), first-line tech 
support, and payment collection. Partners can also publish their MiniApps in the template 
library so that other partners may use them for the benefit of their clients.  
 
In the future, we plan to decentralize the hosting of the MiniApps core so that third parties 
may host instances of the core. This will increase the stability and reliability of the entire 
system, and reduce business risks for the community of partners, template developers and 
clients. 
 
We strongly believe that such a decentralized concept and its network effects will facilitate 
the growth of the entire community, and will help MSMEs around the world to improve their 
businesses. 



MiniApps.pro	

 46 

 

What Is Network Effect in MiniApps Space? 
A network effect is well-known in marketing for the impact it has on explosive growth of the 
network. The classic example is the cellular telephone network, where a greater number of 
users increases the value to each. Over time, positive network effects can create a 
bandwagon effect as the network becomes more valuable and more people join, in a 
positive feedback loop.7 
 
There is also indirect network effect in more complicated networks comprised of different 
groups of users performing different roles: increases in usage of one product or network 
spawn increases in the value of a complementary product or network, which can in turn 
increase the value of the original.   
 
MiniApps.pro is designed to launch the network effect. 
 
Most multi-side (e.g. platform-mediated) markets8 are characterized by indirect network 
effects. MiniApps platform’s sides are miniapp Users, Clients, Partners and Template 
Developers. The MiniApps network effect works like this: 
 
Firstly, MiniApps Team fills the Templates Shop with everything that other developers may 
need to quickly create and sell their mini-apps: 

1. AI/NLP-powered chat backed up by the option to re-direct dialogues to human 
operators. 

2. Bonuses, discounts, informing. 
3. Integration with CRM. 
4. Booking. 
5. AI-based recommendation system. 
6. User verification for security (using USSD/SMS and by voice based on machine 

learning) 
7. Surveys 

 
The more templates there are the easier it is to create template-based miniapps; this 
increases the number of the applications. The more apps and services there are the more 
users they attract; this increases the value of the network for both users and developers. 

• the more successful app implementations businesses see the easier it is for 
developers to sell their apps; 

• new users discover useful apps via their network buddies; 
• as predicted by network effect, increase of one group increases the value of the 

network for all groups that results in more people joining both groups. 
• as predicted by network effect, growth of number of network participants increases 

usage of app templates and their value. This attracts new developers to the platform 
which increases the number of new templates in a positive feedback loop. 

 
 

                                                
7 There is Metcalfe's Law, which states that the value of a telecommunications network is proportional 
to the square of the number of connected users of the system (n2). 
8 See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two-sided_market  



MiniApps.pro	

 47 

 

How does your product differ from other decentralized 
competitors? 
MiniApps is a new generation chatbot platform built around the concept of a decentralized 
network of template developers, clients, hosting providers and partners. Most other chatbot 
platforms implement one of the following concepts: 

a) a centralized marketplace of chatbot templates with a strict differentiation between 
chatbot developers and template developers without explicit partner role; 

b) centralized solutions for building chatbots with only a Natural Language interface, 
without the convenient menu-based user experience provided by MiniApps. 

Unlike other software, MiniApps allows p2p cross links between multiple chatbots. 

What does the token do? (Why can't you just use bitcoin or 
ether?) 
The MiniApps Token (MAT) provides the following functionality based on the Ethereum 
smart-contract: 

1. Statistics and accounting of clients’ MiniApps for the partners. 
2. Usage stats and accounting for template developers. 
3. Stats and accounting for MiniApps hosting providers (both those who host the core 

and clients’ miniapps). 
4. Authorization of partners and clients for accessing specific templates. 
5. Authorization of partners and template developers for accessing core MiniApps 

functions like message channels (especially SMS/USSD), VPN, stats and analytics, 
testing tools, support, and monitoring tools. 

6. FATCA and KYC compliance functionality. 
In short, MAT is more than merely a payment mechanism; it provides essential 
functionalities for the entire community. 

More 
miniapps

More 
users

More 
templates



MiniApps.pro	

 48 

What problem or unmet need in the market does it solve? 
The popularity of chatbots among businesses worldwide is increasing, especially in the field 
of Customer Support.  Our company has been in the chatbot business since the very 
beginning, and we can clearly see that chatbots are still not affordable for the majority of 
small and medium enterprises. This is why:  

1. Building chatbots requires skills for developing high volume messaging systems. 
2. Skills in conversational user experience, artificial intelligence, and machine learning 

are also required. 
3. The centralized business models of most platforms do not provide a foundation for 

the network effect, which is essential for expansion in lower market segments. 
In short, chatbots are not affordable for most MSMEs because of (1) a lack of software 
development skills and (2) the high costs of implementation and support. 
 
Our concept allows the building of a decentralized network community, where different 
participants have different skill sets and play corresponding roles. This makes it possible to 
bring together the necessary competencies to deliver MiniApps/Chatbot solutions to clients 
(those whose businesses will benefit from them, and who are ready to pay the community 
for such solutions). 

Why have these problems not been solved in the past? 
The right concepts are tied to the right technologies. The concept of a decentralized 
MiniApps network could not have been born without the concept of a decentralized smart 
contract network. Also, more than a decade of experience in building mobile solutions for 
the corporate market has led us to the idea that without changing core technologies and 
concepts, only corporations can benefit from the growing popularity of mobile phones, 
smartphones, and messengers. In order to open up those benefits to a mass market of 
more than 100 mln MSMEs around the world, we need to bring forth new technical and 
business concepts based on the network effect, which can be achieved with fair 
decentralization. 

How does the product work? 
MiniApps has been commercially available for more than one year. The main web site is 
www.miniapps.pro   

Will more tokens be issued over the time, and how? 
No. 

How can people earn one of your tokens? 
1. Become a partner and obtain discounts 
2. Become a template developer and earn your tokens through the use of your 

MiniApps templates by the community members. 
3. Become a hosting provider and get tokens as a compensation for providing hosting 

services. 
4. Become a Miniapp owner and earn tokens from users for your Miniapps paid 

services, or get a partial refund for using templates from the shop. 



MiniApps.pro	

 49 

What will happen if MiniApps token is removed from the 
MiniApps platform? 
MiniApps token is implemented as an Ethereum ERC223 compatible smart-contract with 
additional functions which are core to MiniApps platform (KYC/AML compliance, software 
licensing functionality, access to the templates marketplace, billing and settlements 
functionality). Any reasons for removal of the MiniApps token from the platform constitute 
significant risks for the core functionality and even for the viability of the MiniApps platform.  

What will happen if Ethereum price will skyrocket? 
Here are the points in MiniApps platform with the dependency on a transaction fees of the 
Ethereum network: 
1. Payouts to template developers 
2. Discounts settlements with partners 
3. Partners’ payments to MiniApps  
4. miniApp registration by partners 
5. template registration by template developer 
6. Payouts to other players (e.g. chatbot or core hosters) 
 
1, 2 and 6 — Because payouts to template developers and discounts settlements with 
partners are made either on a regular basis (configured by developer/partners, e.g. daily, 
weekly, or monthly) or by request, the transaction fees of the Ethereum network will not play 
significant role in the entire business model.  
 
3 — Because partners’ payments are made on a monthly basis in advance transaction fees 
of Ethereum network will not play significant role as well 
 
4 and 5 — registration procedure is irregular activity and is made only once in a lifecycle of 
template or miniApp/chatbot, this makes transaction fees of Ethereum insignificant in for the 
business model. 

What may happen to MiniApps token in case of Ethereum hard-
fork? 
In the case of Ethereum hard-fork we will arrange voting by token holders on a decision 
which fork to choose for tokens migration. 
 
  
 


