



































onz_whitepaper


 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 1

ONZ
Blockchain for Social Networks

WHITEPAPER 
version 1.0



Disclaimer 
PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY 

DOUBT REGARDING THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD 
CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL 

ADVISOR(S). 

The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any 

elements of a contractual relationship. While we make every effort to ensure 

that any material in this white paper is accurate and up-to-date, such material in 

no way constitutes the provision of professional advice. ONZ team does not 

guarantee, and accept no legal liability whatsoever arising from or connected to, 

the accuracy, reliability, currency, or completeness of any material in this white 

paper. Investors and potential ONZ coin holders should seek properly 

independent professional advice prior to relying on or entering any commitment 

or transaction based on, material published in this white paper, which material 

is purely published for reference purposes alone. 

ONZ team will not be intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This 

white paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer the document of any sort 

and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for 

investment in securities in any jurisdiction. 

ONZ team does not provide any opinion on any advice to purchase, sell, or 

otherwise transact with ONZ coin and the fact of presentation of this white 

paper shall not form the basis of, or is relied upon in connection with, any 

contract or investment decision. 

No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in 

relation to the sale and purchase of ONZ coin, and no cryptocurrency or another 

form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this white paper. 

   

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 2



IMPORTANT 
You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any ONZ coin if you are a 

citizen or resident (tax or otherwise) of Singapore or other Singapore Person. 

“Singapore Person” is generally defined as a natural person, residing in the 

Singapore or any entity organized or incorporated under the laws of 

Singapore. 

You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any ONZ coin if you are a 

citizen or resident (tax or otherwise) of the People's Republic of China (“PRC") 

or other PRC Person. "PRC Person" is generally defined as a natural person, 

residing in the People's Republic of China, or any entity organized or 

incorporated under the laws of the People's Republic of China. 

Furthermore because of current regulatory uncertainty and before additional 

information is publicly released by the Platform on the matter, green card 

holders of the United States or citizens or residents (tax or otherwise) of the 

United States of America, Singapore or China, or other U.S., Singapore Person 

or PRC Person, are not eligible to register as Continuous Contributors. That 

limits the ability of U.S., Singapore, PRC persons to utilize ONZ coin and 

participate in the future development of the Platform as well as in the 

distribution of proceeds. 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 3



Table Of Contents 
DISCLAIMER 2 

Table of Contents 4 

Abstract 5 

Background 6 

Mission 8 

Technology Model 11 

Lifecycle 15 

IcO Arrangement 18 

Additional Bonus Structure (ESP) 19 

Bonus Structure (ESP) 19 

ONZ distribution 21 

Outcome Distribution 22 

Distribution Calculation 23 

Thank you 26 

Reference 26

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 4



Abstract 
ONZ team believes in the power of social media and the effort and the time that 

people spending on social media and community network can actually become a 

real asset to power the world and society. ONZ team believes in the technology 

of DPOS based cryptocurrency framework, the Blockchain architecture and 

functionality and the community of ICO are capable of bringing about the 

transformation. ONZ team understands that even if the project may not fully 

cover the mission goal, it could be a stepping stone for the next stage of cross 

social media based token.  

ONZ team would elaborate more in details the ICO project – ONZ in the following 

aspects including background, mission, business model, product lifecycle, 

marketing roadmap, team and advisor, community, risk, budget and ICO 

announcement. 

  

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 5



Background 
We believe in the power of social media. The effort people give and the time they 

spend on social media, as well as other community networks, can become a 

resource with which we can better the world. ONZ team believes in the 

technology of a DPOS based cryptocurrency framework, the Blockchain 

architecture, functionality, and the community of our ICO are capable of bringing 

about this transformation. ONZ team understands that even if the project may 

not fully cover the mission goal, it could be a stepping stone for the next stage of 

a, all-encompassing social media based token.  

ONZ team will elaborate on the details of the ICO project through this 

whitepaper  including our background, mission, business model, product 

lifecycle, marketing roadmap, team and advisors, community, risk, budget and 

ICO announcement.  

In 2016, ONZ team was formed to study how cryptocurrency technology and 

Blockchain networks could integrate with social media. ONZ team launched a 

few internal proof of concept projects on a POW/POS ALT coin platform with 

social media smart contracts. The outcome of those projects proved the 

feasibility of the concept. In 2017 summer, ONZ team decided to integrate the 

concept with a better (the latest) DPOS [1] consensus algorithm cryptocurrency 

technology and confirmed the roadmap to kick off the social media based coin 

aka ONZ coin.  

Why DPOS? 
Choosing DPOS over POW can result in more decentralization at less than 5% of 

the cost. This means fewer running costs and the amount of money saved could 

roll back to the coin capital. DPOS is also capable of reliably confirming 

transactions in 15 seconds which beats the 10 mins per transaction by Bitcoin, or 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 6



40 times faster on average. There are also a number of well implemented DPOS 

frameworks available which ONZ coin could build upon to shorten development 

time, allowing ONZ team to focus on the core business of integration and 

development.  

What is DPOS? 
It is a very interesting concept but DPOS works essentially as a reputation 

system and is a frictionless, real-time voting platform to create a panel of limited 

trusted parties. These trusted parties have the right to create blocks to add to 

the Blockchain and at the same time keep un-trusted parties from participating. 

The panel of trusted parties takes turns for block creation in a randomly 

assigned order that changes in each iteration. Because the block creators (aka 

delegates) can only create blocks or not, or include a transaction or not. They 

cannot change transaction details or do anything harmful to the Blockchain, the 

trust required is minimal. In DPOS network, each owner of a token can vote to 

create a panel of 101 delegates who take the turns creating blocks just like a 

voting system. The number of 101 is arbitrary, more delegates mean more 

decentralization and lower running costs for the network.  
  

What implementation ONZ based on? 
ONZ is a fork of LISK, which is a public Blockchain platform that provides 

decentralized Blockchain apps. LISK as a fork of Crypti, which is considered as 

the second most successful cryptocurrency crowdfund. LISK correspondingly is 

most popular cryptocurrency traded second to Bitcoin. LISK has also partnered 

with Microsoft to integrate LISK into its Azure Blockchain as a service (BaaS) 

program, which proves LISK and DPOS technology are well adopted in the 

industry. ONZ is forked from LISK and runs independently as an individual 

Blockchain network. 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 7



Mission 
ONZ team strongly believes that the sense of true belonging is a fundamental 

human need, our need to connect and interact with each other to live. But 

nowadays, we face a crisis of separation arising from a split of lotus in politics 

and ideology. ONZ team believes that with technology, the team may be able to 

do something about it.  

"True belonging" vs "Fitting in" 
The ONZ project is based on the belief that the sense of true belonging (which is 

different from simply fitting in) could help restore the disconnect in the society. 

The following passage quoted from an interview of Brene Brown [3] explains the 

difference.  

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 8

True belonging is not passive. It’s not the belonging that comes with just joining 

a group. It’s not fitting in or pretending or selling out because it’s safer. It’s a 

practice that requires us to be vulnerable, get uncomfortable, and learn how to 

be present with people without sacrificing who we are. If we are going to 

change what is happening in a meaningful way we’re going to need to 

intentionally be with people who are different from us. We’re going to have to 

sign up and join, and take a seat at the table. We’re going to have to learn how 

to listen, have hard conversations, look for joy, share pain, and be more curious 

than defensive, all while seeking moments of togetherness. Its counterintuitive, 

but our belief in the inextricable human connection is one of our most 

renewable sources of courage in the wilderness. I can stand up for what I 

believe is right when I know that regardless of the pushback and criticism, I’m 

connected to myself and others in a way that can’t be severed. When we don’t 

believe in an unbreakable connection, the isolation of the wilderness is too 

daunting so we stay in our factions and echo chambers…



Social Media has made us feel more isolated? 
Social media aims to connect people but there a number of reports suggesting 

that the more time you spend on social media, your chances of feeling socially 

isolated can double. ONZ team believes that it is not a yes or no question but 

rather it depends on how we use the social media network. Social media 

technology is not a replacement for real connection and face-to-face contact. 

Instead, it is another channel for people to interact with each other in a more 

effective way in some circumstances. Here is another passage quoted from 

Brene Brown [3] which shares our belief.  

 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 9

As I started digging into this question with research participants there was very 

little ambiguity. It became clear that face-to-face connection is imperative in 

our “true belonging” practice. Not only did face-to-face contact emerge as 

essential from the participant data in my research, but studies across the world 

confirm those findings. Social media is helpful in cultivating connection only to 

the extent that they’re used to create real community where there is structure, 

purpose and meaning, and some face-to-face contact. Social media is great for 

developing community, but for true belonging, real connection and real 

empathy, meeting real people in a real space in real time is required.



Where does ONZ come in? 
ONZ team sees a gap between social media and people interacting in the cyber 

world and real face-to-face interaction. We aim to build a real-time realspace 

token based social media community to bridge the gap, holding onto the belief 

that with ONZ, the team can do something to restore the connectivity 

breakdown in our society and also raise awareness on the problem. ONZ actually 

is a succinct term used in certain south-east Asian countries to represent a 

positive and definitive acknowledgement of a task, appreciation or an 

appointment [6]. This is why the project is named as such, to recognize the value 

of each other and to acknowledge what others do in real life. The most common 

action of this appreciation in social media is liking someone's post of a beautiful 

picture, which can cause appreciation to spread across various social media 

platforms. Here is how we plan to transform a simple "like" into an action and 

from an action to a value. 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 10



Technology Model 
The main idea of ONZ is to integrate social media platforms with DPOS 

blockchain technology to transform appreciation on social media platforms into 

ONZ cryptocurrency network as a transferable token. The value of the ONZ 

token will depend on how the community recognizes it in terms of real value. 

ONZ is transferable if someone wanted to send ONZ to others as appreciation in 

real life. The value of ONZ token will be primarily based on the trust in the 

community and the system will consist of the following components: 

 

The backbone of the platform which takes care of all of the transactions with 

DPOS blockchain technology, which is the fastest, most efficient, most 

decentralized and flexible model. The fee, schedules of blocking forging, and 

transaction size could be tuned via elected delegates. The top 101 delegates 

determined by the voting weight of voters are actively forging and securing the 

network. The DPOS network can average forges blocks at around 10s intervals 

which is much faster than POW/POS based blockchain and DPOS network also is 

very hard to be dominated by CPU power. The forging party will be rewarded by 

a certain amount of ONZCoin which comes from the transaction fee of the 

platform user. The ONZNet consists of TESTNET and MAINNET, please refer to 

the ICO arrangement section for the details on how to become a participant of 

ONZNet. 

The value carrier throughout the platform. The value of ONZCoin varies with the 

recognition and level of trust of the whole community. It is not in a physical form 

but it exhibits properties similar to physical currencies and allows instantaneous 

transaction and borderless transfer of ownership. Potentially, depending on how 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 11

ONZNet - DPOS crypto backbone

ONZCoin - Social Value Unit



the community receives the platform, ONZ team hopes to see an ONZ social 

value coin would be used to buy physical goods and services one day. ONZCoin 

owner can use the coin to register a delegate and vote other delegates in DPOS 

blockchain. ONZCoin aims to model the weighting of an individual in social 

media, which is primarily based on the following four measures: 

 

 

 

  

 

ONZProbe is the key component that ONZ team will be focused on because it 

will be the only channel to integrate with social media platforms. ONZProbe is 

not only a software development sub-project but also a key part the team needs 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 12

ONZProbe - Social Media Adaptor

How active the individual on 

a particular social media 

platform. E.g. no. of post, 

time spent on, countable 

work done.

Active

How much influence an 

individual has on a particular 

social media, E.g. the no. of 

followers an individual had.

Influence

How much recognition an 

individual has on a particular social 

media platform. E.g. How many 

repost of an owned post, What is 

the feedback and comment* on 

the owned post.

Recognition

How many social asset* owned by 

an individual on a particular social 

media platform. E.g. original post 

not repost from someone else.

Asset
A

A R

I



to bear with in aiming to obtain social media buy-in for the integration. The 

ONZProbe technically will be built for each social media platform, and the 

component will normalize the data and feedback to ONZScale, the Social Media 

Weighting Bot for evaluation of individual social value. The primary use case is a 

user to grant permission to ONZProbe to access their social media data and for 

historical posts. 

 

ONZScale is the second most important subproject which ONZ team will be 

focusing on. The algorithm needs to be developed to evaluate the data feed 

from ONZProbe on an individual. In order to quantify the social media weight of 

the individual which is very important because that weighing will be transformed 

into a certain amount of ONZCoin. The algorithm could be based on the 

normalized social data, the current value of ONZCoin, the ONZNet’s 

performance and the recognition of service partners*. 

 

ONZStamp is a component ONZ team would like to have in order to digitize 

social media assets and to verify whether a post is original or not. ONZ team is 

promoting social media copyrights but technically the team need a way to 

distinguish original and reposted content in order to evaluate it with different 

weighting. It is still a very abstract idea from the implementation but it will be 

factored into ONZ development roadmap. 

 

The wallet is how everyone in the community keeps their own ONZCoin. Each 

wallet has a unique address which basically is the identifier in the network. It is 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 13

ONZScale - Social Media Weighting Bot

ONZStamp - Social Asset Stamping Bot

ONZWallet - Digital Wallet



just like a bank account number, all transactions are from/to an individual’s 

ONZWallet address. ONZ team already has ONZWallet ready and is actively 

testing it in ONZNet TESTNET. Currently, there are a number of ONZWallet 

versions which can be run on different mobile and computer platforms. 

ONZWallet is a software wallet which is very secure but it also has the same 

disadvantages as a digital wallet, the loss of credential and amount transferred 

to wrong address is unrecoverable. ONZ team has also planned a hardware 

wallet in the development roadmap, subject to the overall project outcome and 

success. 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 14



Lifecycle 
The ONZ team has laid out the following project timeline. The team is aiming to 

strictly follow it and it has been broken into 4 stages with 6 phases. Each stage 

and corresponding activities are illustrated in the diagram below. 

Research - The studying phase that ONZ team has put a lot of effort into 
searching for the best blockchain solution, from the architecture of each 

blockchain down to coding level details. The best solution should have suitable 

functionalities to meet the platform requirements. ONZ team believes our 

research is completed and the outcome is positive - the DPOS based blockchain 

is the solution.  

 
POC - ONZ team has been focusing on how to utilize DPOS blockchain and how 
much the software could be customized to fit ONZ platform. ONZ team has 

spent a lot of time on POC coding to make sure the DPOS fork is capable. ONZ 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 15

Research

POC

TESTNET Dev

MAINNET Dev

ICO Planning

ICO

P1

Stage 1

P3 P4 P5 P6

Estimated Project Timeline

P2

SM Integration

Development 1

Development 2

Development 3

Final

Stage 2 Stage 3 Stage 4



team has set up a private TESTNET to test the customized blockchain. The test 

result is promising and the team believes the POC phase is a success and 

confirmed ONZ project could proceed with the technology.  

 
TESTNET Dev - ONZ team is now working on to take the private TESTNET to the 
next level by opening it to the public, please refer to ICO arrangement section for 

the details on how to join the TESTNET. ONZ team believes that it is essential to 

allow an individuals who have the same view with ONZ team to participate.  

MAINNET Dev - That development phase will undergo in parallel with the ICO 
Planning phase as they are dependable. The MAINNET go-live will be determined 

by the outcome of ICO result.  
 
ICO Planning - Current stage of ONZ team mainly focusing on announcing this 
project to the public for ICO.  
 
ICO - Initial coin offering phase, please refer to the ICO arrangement section for 
more details. 

 
SM Integration - Social media integration phase is the next big step ONZ team 
would like to make after the success of ICO. The integration includes both 

software development (ONZProbe/ONZScale etc) and building up the 

partnership with the individual social media platform. 

Development 1 - This phase comes after SM Integration to push MAINNET into 
the full end to end functional stage. It is to make sure the SM integration 

functionalities work on MAINNET, and launch the functionalities to selected pilot 

users. 

Development 2 - The contingency development phase picks up outstanding / 
bugs / missing pieces from the pilot testing phase, which aims to reserve 

resource on development to round up stage 3 system functionalities. 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 16



Development 3 - At this stage of development before the final stage, optional 
software component (e.g. ONZScale comment based weighting algorithm, digital 

asset stamping algorithm) and value added functionalities could be included in 

this phase to put ONZ platform into the final stage. 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 17



ICO Arrangement 
In order to make this project happen and give it the best chance of success, 

input from the community is essential in order to improve the idea and let the 

platform grow. Opinions and collaboration from all parties sharing the same 

belief with ONZ is the key to success. The ONZ team needs support from the 

public culminating in an ICO which will be divided into 2 phases. It will begin with 

the early supporter phase and the public offering will take place immediately 

afterwards. Details of the phases can be seen below. 

EARLY SUPPORTER PHASE 
The Early Supporter Phase is to offer individuals who would like to join the ONZ 

team as a supporter the chance to earn extra ONZCoin. Please refer to ICO 

distribution calculation for details. With the extra amount, ONZ team would like 

to leverage the risk of a possible downward trend in the alternative currency 

markets during ESP/ ICO period to provide the maximum chance to get into a 

win-win situation. Also, the early supporters will also have the privilege to 

become part of the ONZ steering community for latest News, TESTNET access, 

become TESTNET delegates, obtain voting rights and MAINNET early access.  

The contribution of ESP will receive a bonus of 25% or more ONZCoin in the ICO 

calculation. By saying that, the same weight will also be used in the voting-taking 

process, thus supporters with larger amounts of ONZCoin will have more voting 

weight. ONZ team will be accepting the following cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin (BTC) , 

Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Litecoin (LTC), Ether (ETH), LISK (LSK), Ark (ARK), Shift (SHIFT), 

Rise (RISE) and OXYCoin (OXY). The details for our ICO distribution calculations 

will primarily base on BTC. 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 18



Additional Bonus Structure (ESP) 
From 22nd Jan, 2018 until 28th Jan, 2018 01:00:00 UTC - ESP participant will be 

offered additional 10% bonus: 

• Send 1 BTC or more: receive 25% + 10% = 35% bonus 

• Send 5 BTC or more: receive 35% + 10% = 45% bonus 

 
Bonus Structure (ESP) 

From 29th Jan, 2018 until 4th Feb, 2018 01:00:00 UTC - ESP participant will be 

offered the following bonuses: 

• Send 1 BTC or more: receive 25% bonus 

• Send 5 BTC or more: receive 35% bonus 

• Send 10 BTC or more: receive 40% bonus 

         ICO PHASE 
The phase comes right after ESP phase, the detail and calculation of it will be 

detailed as below.  

 
Minimum contribution - 0.01 BTC or equivalent value of alt coins.  

Minimum Threshold - The minimum amount of value ONZ team needs to have 
to take this ONZ project forward and consider the ICO to be succeeded. The 

minimum threshold is 100 BTC, the amount that will cover the costs from P1 to 

P3. Still, the minimum threshold will be subject to change with the value of the 

underlying cryptocurrencies before ICO. 

Target - The target amount of the ICO is 500 BTC, which enable ONZ team to 
take the project forward from P3 to P4 for launching MAINNET and further from 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 19



P4 to P5 for initial SM Integration works. This consideration is based on the 

current estimation and is subject to be changed. 

Hard Cap - The ICO with the ceiling of 1200BTC is confirmed. This is to ensure 
that those who sent BTC receive a certain amount of ONZCoin after the end of 

the ICO. The ICO will be closed as long as the ceiling has been reached and no 

more participant will be taken from that point.  

Underlying Coin supported - ONZ team will accept BTC, BCH, LTC, ETH, SHIFT, 
LISK, RISE and ARK. And the value of the tokens used will be averaged across the 

period of ICO period. The average value will be calculated by picking the value of 

each multiple times a day using Coinmarketcap API. 

Price per ONZCoin - The price of ONZCoin will depend upon the amount raised 
during the ICO as long as minimum threshold has been reached. For the details 

of the calculation and examples please refer to the distribution calculation 

section. 

  

Threshold not reached? - If the minimum target cannot be reached by the end 
of the ICO: 

• Supporters will be given a chance to request a full refund of their support 

amount by 3rd Apr, 2018 01:00:00 UTC. 

• ONZ team will keep the TESTNET/MAINNET running for certain amount of 

time depend on the funding and resource. 

• ONZCoin will be fixed at price at 0.0000037 BTC per ONZCoin. 

• The unsold ONZCoin will be preserved in the main account in offline wallet 

for a year or until running out of funding to maintenance the MAINNET, or 

to be used for second ICO. 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 20



ONZ Distribution 
The total population of ONZ at the pre-mined stage is 180,000,000 ONZ. As one 

of the purposes of ICO, ONZ team would like to get extra support to fund the 

project. So the only portion of the total population 135,000,000 ONZ (75%) will 

be offered in ESP and ICO. The rest of it will be reserved for the project. The 

distribution is shown as below. 

 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 21

Bounties + Airdrop  
(9,000,000) 

10%

5%

5%

5%

75%
ESP + ICO 

(135,000,000)

Advisors 
(9,000,000)

ONZ Team 
(18,000,000)

Reserved 
(9,000,000)



Outcome Distribution 
With the ICO outcome, ONZ team will be able to take the project forward and the 

outcome breakdown will be as follows to support the project including 

marketing, operational cost, support for the development, reserved for 

contingency and founders. 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 22

5%

Founders

20%

Marketing

20%

Operational

40%

Development

15%

Reserved



Distribution Calculation 
The following section will explain more on the calculation of ICO and the value of 

ONZCoin. The following equations and terminology will be used in this section.  

BTC value sent by an account - This is the amount of BTC “value” sent by an 
account during ESP and/or ICO period. The calculation will be based on the 

actual amount of BTC sent and the average BTC value of sent, and also the 

corresponding LSK value in BTC, the average of the certain period of time.  

Total BTC value received - This is the total amount of BTC “value” received by 
ONZ team during the ESP and/or ICO period. This figure considers both actual 

amount of BTC received and the average BTC value of LSK received. Please note 

it does not factor in bonuses. 

Weighted BTC value sent by an account - This is the total weighted BTC value 
sent by an account which factors in the bonuses.  

Total weighted BTC value received - This is the total weighted BTC value 
received by ONZ team which factors in the bonuses. 

Percentage of ICO distribution - This is the percentage that an account will 
receive from 135,000,000 ONZCoin that will be distributed at the end of the ICO.  

ONZCoin final distribution - This is the amount of ONZCoin the account will 
receive at the end of the ICO period. 

In order to further elaborate on how that model will work, ONZ team have set up 
3 scenarios to assist understanding of the calculation. 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 23



Scenario 1 

ONZ team received 500 BTC and the calculated average BTC value of 
alternative currencies is 250 BTC at the end of the ICO.  

- On January 30th John sent 4 BTC 

- John qualifies as an Early Supporter so will also receive the 25% bonus 

ONZCoin. 

- John’s “weighted BTC value” to factor in his 25% bonus is going to be calculated 

as 4 BTC + 1 BTC. 

- His total weighted BTC value is 5 BTC. 

- For ONZ Team, Total BTC value received = 500 BTC + 250 BTC = 750 BTC. 

- If the Total weighted BTC received by ONZCoin was 1000 (Please note that this 

figure can only really be determined at the end of the ICO when all the bonus 

calculations are done). 

- John’s Percentage of ICO distribution is: 

[5 BTC / 1000 BTC] = 0.005 

- John’s final distribution is: 

0.005 * 135,000,000 ONZ = 675,000 ONZ 

Notes: 

- Without Early Supporter Bonus, John’s final distribution would have been 

900,000 ONZ. 

[ 4 BTC / 999 BTC ] * 135,000,000 = 540,540 ONZ. 

- If John was an Early Supporter of Early Bird Bonus of +10%, John’s final 

distribution would have been 727,980 ONZ. 

[ 5.4 BTC / 1001.4 BTC ] * 135,000,000 = 727,980 ONZ 

* In these calculations, the weighted BTC value received by ONZ Team must change due to 

the changes in John’s bonus. 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 24



Scenario 2 

ONZ team received 500 BTC and the calculated average BTC value of 
alternative currencies is 250 BTC at the end of the ICO. In this scenario, 
the average BTC value of LSK is half value at the end of the ICO. 

- On January 30th John sent 2 BTC + 2 BTC worth of LISK. 

- On January 30th, the BTC value sent by John was 4 BTC. 

- John qualifies as an Early Supporter will also receive 25% bonus ONZ. 

- If at the end of the ICO the average BTC value for LISK is half compared to the 

day he sent it, thus the BTC value sent from John’s account will now be 3 BTC as 

per: 

John sent 2 BTC + the average BTC value of his LISK 1 BTC, totally 3 BTC. 

John does not lose his Early Supporter Status or Bonus. 

- John’s “weighted BTC value” to factor in his 25% bonus is 3 BTC + 0.75 BTC. 

- His total weighted BTC value is 3.75 BTC. 

- For ONZ Team, Total BTC value received = 500 BTC + 250 BTC = 750 BTC. 

- If the Total weighted BTC received by ONZ Team was 1000 (Please note that this 

figure can only really 

be determined at the end of the ICO when all the bonus calculations can be 

done) 

- John’s Percentage of ICO distribution is: 

[3.75 BTC / 1000 BTC] = 0.00375 

- John’s final distribution is: 

0.00375 * 135,000,000 ONZ = 506,250 ONZ 

* In these calculations, the weighted BTC value received by ONZ Team must change due to the 
changes in John’s bonus. 

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 25



Thank You 
 
ONZ team would like to take this chance to thank you for your interest in ONZ 

project and reading this white paper.  If any question or doubt, feel free to reach 

out to ONZ website and FAQ section. ONZ team believes in blockchain and social 

media, and hoping that was also your belief.  

Reference 
1. Max Wright - “Delegrated Proof of Stake (DPOS) vs Proof of Work (POW)” 

http://bytemaster.github.io/bitshares/2015/01/04/Delegated-Proof-of-Stake-vs-
Proof-of-Work/ 

2. Wikipedia - “What is LISK"  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisk 

  

3. Brene Brown - “Why Human connection will bring us closer together” 
https://brenebrown.com/blog/2017/09/12/human-connection-will-bring-us-closer-
together/ 

  

4. Independent - “People who use social media a lot are isolated” 
http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/social-media-high-usage-more-isolated-
lonely-people-study-university-pittsburgh-a7614226.html 

  

5. Urban Dictionary - “What is ONZ” 
https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=onz 

  

6. ABC Science - “Value of Money is based on trust”  
http://www.abc.net.au/science/articles/2016/06/21/4485466.htm 

  

7. OXYCoin - “OXY Coin whitepaper - ICO models” 
https://oxycoin.io/whitepaper.pdf

  
ONZCOIN WHITEPAPER www.onzcoin.com 26

http://bytemaster.github.io/bitshares/2015/01/04/Delegated-Proof-of-Stake-vs-Proof-of-Work/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisk
https://brenebrown.com/blog/2017/09/12/human-connection-will-bring-us-closer-together/
http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/social-media-high-usage-more-isolated-lonely-people-study-university-pittsburgh-a7614226.html
http://www.abc.net.au/science/articles/2016/06/21/4485466.htm

