











































Last Update on 14 March 2018

The easiest way to buy 
digital currencies
with fiat.

Oxycoin White Paper v2.1



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 2

Abstract

Introduction – The first problem: User-facing Limitations

Introduction – The second problem: Developer tool Limitations 

Our vision – The solutions

Technical summary - OXYCOIN® MOBILE Application

Technical summary - OXYCOIN® Software Development Kits and OXY Token use cases

Mobile App Features 

The plan

Early supporters program – A new approach

Early supporters program – Bonus structure

ICO - Initial coin offering overview

ICO - Funds distribution 

ICO - OXY distribution

Distribution calculations – Fundamentals

Distribution calculations – Equations

Distribution calculations – Example #1

Distribution calculations – Example #2

Distribution calculations – Example #3

End 

3

4

5

6

7

8

10

12

13

14

15

17

18

19

20

21

 22

23

24

Table of Contents 



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 3

Abstract
In this paper, we present a high-level overview of the OXYCOIN® mobile application:  the one place 
that contains everything cryptocurrency investors need right at their fingertips. This mobile application 
will enable investors to easily purchase cryptocurrencies directly with FIAT (i.e. USD or EUR), 
manage all their wallets and passwords, implement a user-friendly Global Address Book, and will be 
the information hub where they can access any information they need to make informed investment 
decisions. As a result of its simplicity, we believe the OXYCOIN® mobile application will pave the way 
for mass adoption of cryptocurrencies. 

This paper will also contain an overview of the OXYCOIN® Software Development Kits which will 
serve as solutions to another large problem - software development tool limitations -  that is also 
hindering cryptocurrency mass adoption. After completing our first milestone, the OXYCOIN® mobile 
application, we will release an “Enhanced Decentralized Software Development Kit” which will allow 
non-blockchain developers to build decentralized applications (DAPPs) using JavaScript and enable 
something truly powerful that has never been possible before – Mobile and Web applications interacting 
with decentralized applications! With these powerful tools being placed in the hands of non-blockchain 
developers, many exciting OXYCOIN® token uses cases will be made possible. 

The purpose of this document is to illustrate the vision of the OXYCOIN® team, explain the problems 
that we are solving and how we are going to achieve our goals. There will be a separate Technical Paper 
which will further elaborate on the technical fundamentals such as how the dPOS (Delegated Proof of 
Stake) blockchain will be used, the network infrastructure, security, and core functionalities of the mobile 
application and future developments.



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 4

Introduction – The First Problem: User-Facing 
Limitations
For many years, the cryptocurrency community has steadily grown, but the fact remains that this 
community is still in the early stages of expansion. Reputable media outlets have started reporting on 
the progress - mostly the price - of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. As more exciting news stories 
are reported and the world’s curiosity towards cryptocurrency grows, people are continuously attracted 
to the fascinating world of digital currencies. There are many people wanting to invest in blockchain 
technologies, unfortunately many have not been able to due to the complexity of entering crypto-
markets. 

Ever since the inception of Bitcoin and throughout the entire history of cryptocurrency, one of the 
major barriers to entry for curious individuals has always been converting FIAT directly into Bitcoin 
and other cryptocurrencies. The process usually requires some degree of technical skill and knowledge, 
an understanding of security, and trust in a system which is unlike anything these people have previously 
used. There’s no phone call to a broker to make a trade, there’s no speaking with an advisor in an office, 
and of course there are ways of being swindled. Currently, the process of buying cryptocurrencies is a 
tremendous multi-step hassle. Generally speaking, it begins with trying to figure out how to buy Bitcoin 
from various platforms (e.g. Bitcoin ATM, website, cash-deal), sending it to an exchange (e.g. Bittrex, 
Poloniex) and then figuring out how to make a trade for the desired cryptocurrency. These multiple 
steps can seem complex, intimidating, and incomprehensible in some cases. Even for experienced 
investors with technical knowledge, the process of converting FIAT into digital currencies is generally 
slow, limited, frustrating, and occasionally risky. Due to these inconveniences, we believe that curious 
and qualified investors are still turning their backs on the crypto-markets and are consequently missing 
opportunities they would have otherwise seized. 

Another one of the major barriers to entry for investors is acquiring the right news articles and 
development progress information. It’s common for a crypto-enthusiast browsing the internet in search 
of accurate information needed to make an informed decision. It’s not easy for new crypto-enthusiasts 
to find the right sources because they are seemingly endless and unfamiliar – the task of seeking 
information can feel cumbersome in a world they have just started trying to understand. Wouldn’t it be 
logical to have all the current news, market values, video tutorials, and technology updates in one place 
where investors can quickly and easily access the information needed to make informed decisions? 



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 5

Introduction – The Second Problem: Developer 
Tool Limitations
In the current evolution of blockchain technology, there are still limitations to decentralized applications, 
also known as DAPPs, as they require a blockchain node (server) to properly execute.  These nodes 
are difficult to use for the average end-user. For example, in the case of Ethereum, users must tweak 
“GAS values” and “transaction values”. These tweaks allow the DAPP to accept the inputs and function 
as desired. In a world where people want to easily send money with the click of a button, these extra 
technical steps are not user-friendly and increase the risk of user-error.

Outside the challenges faced by regular users, in the world of blockchain software development, DAPP 
SDKs (Decentralized Application Software Development Kits) are lacklustre and often difficult to 
understand -  a problem which limits the potential of what can be created with blockchain technology. 
The existing DAPP SDKs do not offer the proper facilitations and information to developers. 
Consequently, they are forced to write code for the most basic functionalities, which is extra work that 
can hinder progress and deter them from working with blockchain all together. In addition to these 
problems, there does not yet exist an SDK specifically designed for Mobile or Web applications. This 
type of tool would have the power to spark a complete shift in the entire world of software development.  

After completing our first milestone - the OXYCOIN® mobile platform - we will tackle the developer-
facing problem by creating the Enhanced DAPP SDK. As mentioned in our Abstract, this special tool 
will enable “non-blockchain developers” to build decentralized applications (DAPPs) using JavaScript 
and enable something truly powerful that has never been possible before – the interaction of DAPPS 
with Mobile and Web applications! A valuable aspect of this SDK is that developers will essentially no 
longer have to worry about the backend. Our technology manages the backend work behind the scenes 
and allows DAPPs to “talk” with our blockchain through Application Program Interfaces (APIs). For 
once, developers will have the tools they need to solely focus on what matters - building their frontend. 



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 6

Our Vision – The Solutions 
We’re pleased to announce that the solutions to the aforementioned problems are the OXYCOIN® 
mobile platform and OXYCOIN® Enhanced DAPP SDK (Decentralized App Software Development 
Kit). It is our mission to enable investors that are trying to enter the crypto-markets; we can achieve 
this by simplifying the purchase of cryptocurrencies. Our mobile application will be the easiest way to 
purchase cryptocurrencies with FIAT and will also feature a central information hub where investors will 
receive any crypto-media they would need for investing in digital currencies and blockchain projects. In 
short, we are tackling user-facing limitations by building the one and only platform that has everything 
that crypto-enthusiasts will need in one place and tackling developer tool limitations by creating SDK’s 
which will allow Mobile and Web applications to make use of decentralized applications.

Understanding the true growth potential of the cryptocurrency world becomes obvious when observing 
the facts. According to a study by the University of Cambridge: “the current number of unique active 
users of cryptocurrency wallets is estimated to be between 2.9 million and 5.8 million” - representing 
less than 1% of the world’s population. Though the full growth potential of the crypto-markets clearly 
remains largely untapped, at the time of writing this white paper the total market capitalization of all 
cryptocurrencies is still a very impressive figure - approximately $141,253,369,650 (~ $141 Billion) 
according to Cryptolization. 

With community support and ICO funding, the OXYCOIN® team plans to push the number of active 
users to over 10 million and the market capitalization to over $300,000,000,000 ($300 Billion) in our 
first year by enabling a whole new wave of crypto-enthusiasts that are waiting for a simple platform to 
help them easily convert FIAT into cryptocurrency.



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 7

Technical Summary - OXYCOIN® Mobile 
Application
The main feature of the OXYCOIN® mobile application is to enable users to purchase cryptocurrencies 
directly with FIAT - whether they have IT knowledge or not. OXYCOIN® provides a user-friendly 
platform that contains all the information and tools needed by any crypto-enthusiast and puts it right at 
their fingertips. With OXYCOIN® our users will be empowered to make informed decisions and take 
positions in crypto-markets effortlessly.

We’re also tackling the issue of tracking multiple addresses for multiple cryptocurrencies, lowering the 
possibility of sending funds to the wrong place, by introducing our OXYCOIN® Global Address Book. 
Users may create one single username that is searchable in the Global Address Book, and all their wallets 
will be linked to this one username. This feature lowers the risks that accompany long alphanumeric 
addresses such as “3J98t1WpEZ73CNmQviecrnyiWrnqRhWNLy”, which are prone to typos. 

With our Global Address Book, users simply type their friend’s name, see their friend’s various 
cryptocurrency wallets, and transfer funds to them within seconds. Keeping simplicity at the core of our 
vision, we also plan to utilize QR codes as another user-friendly way to transfer funds.
 The OXYCOIN® platform avails itself of the full power of blockchains to simplify the lives of 
cryptocurrency users in that OXYCOIN® usernames are stored in the blockchain, allowing anyone 
to find the addresses of their friends and use them right away. For example, when opening the mobile 
application, a fresh list of the usernames (and their addresses) will be retrieved from the blockchain. This 
enables auto-completion when one types a username in the Global Address Book. 

These are just a handful of examples to briefly illustrate the value we can add by enabling user-friendly 
features by including specific types of information in our secure blockchain, extracting its practically 
limitless value. There are more technological features we will implement with our OXYCOIN® mobile 
application, and the full details will be explained in our Technical Paper.



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 8

Technical Summary - OXYCOIN® SDKs and OXY 
Token Use Cases
After completing our first milestone, the OXYCOIN® mobile platform, we will tackle the second 
problem – Developer Tool Limitations - by creating the Enhanced DAPP SDK, Mobile SDK, and Web 
SDK.

ENHANCED DAPP SDK
The Enhanced DAPP SDK is crucial for enabling “non-blockchain developers” to build their own 
DAPPs using JavaScript and make it possible for Mobile and Web applications to interact with them. 
The current problem is that most of the existing DAPPs only contain backend code (code that runs 
on the server). This means that to build a user interface, you would typically need to have your own 
server and create a website (or an app) that interacts with core-code through Application Program 
Interfaces (APIs). We will deliver the OXYCOIN® Enhanced DAPP SDK to let developers build User 
Interfaces without the need to run their own server. Such an SDK will also be used to interact with 
our mobile apps or even third-party mobile apps. The SDK will essentially allow DAPPs to “talk” with 
our blockchain through Application Program Interfaces (APIs) and manage the backend work behind 
the scenes. For once, developers will have the tools they need to solely focus on what really matters - 
building their frontend.

Another important feature to consider is that developers would have the ability the create user 
interfaces directly within their DAPP and allow any other software developer to use their DAPP on the 
OXYCOIN® mobile app. 

User interfaces aside, we believe that third party developers with little to no experience in blockchain 
technologies who want to use OXY in their app need the chance to be involved. That’s why the 
Enhanced DAPP SDK will also include mechanisms for developers to:
 - Manage end-user one-time payments (e.g. Google PlayTM Store)
 - Manage end-user subscriptions model payments

Providing these developers with an easy way to interact with our OXY blockchain will be critical in 
making users aware of OXY and the power of blockchain technology.



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 9

Technical Summary - OXYCOIN® SDKs and OXY 
Token Use Cases

THE MOBILE SDK & WEB SDK:

The OXYCOIN® SDKs for Mobile Applications and Web Applications will pave the way for a whole 
new wave of development possibilities! Developers will be able to create DAPPS that can interact 
with our Mobile and Web SDKs. When considering use cases for the OXY token, it is very exciting 
that developers could now take advantage of the OXY in-app payment system instead of using current 
expensive options such as Google Play™ Store (30%). All the functionalities included in the Enhanced 
DAPP SDK – UI rendering, in-app purchases, in-app subscriptions – will have their own counterpart 
within the Mobile SDK and Web SDK. The potential with these tools is effectively limitless.

What can be achieved with these new development tools?

The momentum behind mobile application development continues to grow each day and blockchain 
technologies are quickly gaining more traction between users and developers. With the potential that 
our 3 SDKs could unlock, we expect to see a proliferation of Mobile & Web apps using blockchain 
technology as their persistent database. Here are some examples of token use cases:

• Mobile in-app revenue model (e.g. games accepting/spending OXY). To contrast, through the 
Google PlayTM platform, developers pay 30% commission which is very expensive.

• Mobile apps securing their data using OXY blockchain. Blockchains are very secure, inexpensive, 
and efficient. Conventional methods for storing data are more expensive, centralized, and potentially 
more vulnerable to security breaches.

• Mobile apps marketplaces
• Micropayments
• Subscription model DAPPs
• E-commerce websites using OXY blockchain

These examples are just a handful of use cases and there are obviously many other opportunities for 
developers when they start making use of our powerful SDK’s. Once the floodgates of creativity are 
opened for non-blockchain developers, it will be exciting to observe the evolution of DAPP integration 
into the Mobile and Web world.



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 10

Mobile App Features 
As the first version of OXYCOIN® mobile app is launched, there will be a primary set of supported 
cryptocurrencies that our users will be able to purchase and trade through our platform. More of 
them will be added in the future as we complete our development goals and receive feedback from our 
supportive community. 

The first set of supported cryptocurrencies will be the following: Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCC), 
Ethereum (ETH), ARK (ARK), SHIFT (SHIFT), RISE (RISE), LISK (LSK), and of course OXY. 

The OXYCOIN® mobile application is pushing the boundaries of simplicity with these features: 

CORE FEATURES 

• Mobile application is Android and iOS compatible
• Create wallets for any of the supported 

cryptocurrencies 
• Buy any supported cryptocurrency with Bitcoin 
• Sell any supported cryptocurrency for Bitcoin 
• Easily send and receive the supported 

cryptocurrencies using QR codes 
• Manage multiple wallets and passwords in one 

secure place 
• Create your own username in the Global Address 

Book, which is linked to all your wallets 
• Find contacts using a Global Address Book (No 

longer the need to copy/paste long addresses e.g. 
1BoatSLRHtKNngkdXEeobR76b53LETtpyT) 

• View the current market value per supported 
cryptocurrency in USD/EUR/BTC

• Create a backup of your addresses/passwords and 
send it to your Dropbox, e-mail or print it as offline 
backup 

• Optional security features such as PIN code or 
Touch ID



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 11

PLANNED FEATURES

• Buy any supported cryptocurrency with FIAT
• FIAT payment options such as iDeal, Paypal and SOFORT Banking
• Request adding new cryptocurrencies and provide feedback directly
• View current ROI (Return on Investment)
• Push Notifications when the price of a supported coin is above/below a certain market value
• Import all addresses from a backup by scanning a QR code
• Provide updates on crypto related news
• Create a set of user-centric video tutorials and clearly defined quick reference guides
• Market values



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 12

The Plan

MOBILE APP

Our talented Android and iOS developers are actively working to produce the first version of the 
OXYCOIN® mobile app. After the first version is released, we will continue to develop new features and 
add more cryptocurrencies into the OXYCOIN® platform. 

The backbone of the mobile application relies on a robust blockchain network that has 100% uptime, 
meaning the network will always be online and available. The blockchain will securely store your wallet 
addresses of any supported cryptocurrency by linking it with your username. This way, other users can 
easily transfer cryptocurrency to your wallet by finding your username in a Global Address Book. If you 
would like to read more about the use of our blockchain or other technical information, please refer to 
our Technical Paper.

MARKETING

To reach our goals of making the mass adoption of cryptocurrencies a reality, it will be crucial that 
we continuously promote our vision across the globe. Our talented marketing team will be actively 
promoting the OXYCOIN® platform by using ambassadors and distributing media through major social 
media platforms and media outlets.

ICO

 An Initial Coin Offering, a common way of starting projects in the blockchain world, will be used to 
generate the seed funding that is needed to support our project goals. The ICO details can be found on 
the “ICO – Initial Coin Offering” section of this white paper and on the ICO web page. 

EARLY SUPPORTERS

There are individuals who would like to support OXYCOIN® before the ICO begins. To compensate 
them for their extra support and trust, we are developing an “Early Supporter Program”. Early 
supporters will receive many benefits which are described in the “ESP – Early Supporter Program” 
section of this white paper and on the Early Supporter web page.

ROADMAP

In short, we’re starting with creating the iOS and Android mobile applications, creating the 
OXYCOIN® website, launching our main production network.  The official Roadmap of our project can 
be found in the “Roadmap” section of this white paper and on the Roadmap webpage.



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 13

Early Supporters Program – A New Approach
Conventional token exchange platforms revolve around the concept of currency exchange; Bitcoins 
in exchange for tokens. The relationship between development teams and supporters is virtually non-
existent - strictly monetary. This means the voice of the supporters is not heard and their knowledge is 
not leveraged. 

The OXYCOIN® team believes in the value of supporter knowledge and experience. We know that 
you have the power to grow and improve our platform, thus we would like to give you a mechanism 
to vocalize your opinions and collaborate. The Early Supporters will essentially be the voice of our 
community and will actively take part in the decision making through our weighted polling system.
For example, we understand there are many ways to monetize our platform, but our current primary 
focus is developing a revolutionary and user-friendly mobile application. This means our new approach 
involves leveraging the expertise of the Early Supporters, which will provide many possible solutions for 
the future success of our platform. This new system will assist our team in determining the best course of 
action for advancing the potential of OXYCOIN®.

One of the best aspects this program is the Status and Bonus Protection for Early Supporters. For 
individuals planning to send BTC or alternative cryptocurrencies, this system ensures that when you join 
the Early Supporters Program, your status and bonus tier will be protected in the event of a downward 
trend in the alternative currency markets during the ESP/ICO period.  Once an Early Supporters, 
always an Early Supporters. The main purpose of this protection is to ensure that the Early Supporters 
win big if the currencies they send increase in value and still win when the currencies they send decrease 
in value. Please note, there is an entire section dedicated to explaining this concept in full detail with 
various examples beginning from the section entitled “Distribution Calculations – Fundamentals”.

Early Supporters will receive many other benefits such as Early-Bird-News, Early-Bird-Access, poll 
taking, ROI (Return on Investment) calculations, insight into our detailed task list, Meet & Greet with 
the team, and receiving BONUS OXY.



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 14

Early Supporters Program – Bonus Structure
The contribution of Early Supporters will receive a bonus of 25% or more OXY in the ICO coin 
calculation. Furthermore, that same weight will also be used in the poll-taking process, thus Supporters 
with larger amounts of OXY will have more voting weight. Please note, we will be accepting the 
following cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCC), Ethereum (ETH), ARK (ARK), 
SHIFT (SHIFT), RISE (RISE), LISK (LSK). The financial details for our Bonus and ICO distribution 
calculations when using cryptocurrencies other than BTC for can be found in the section covering 
examples for distribution calculations.

BONUS STRUCTURE

From August 21st, 2017 until August 31st, 2017 - Early Supporters the following bonuses:

• Send   4 BTC or more: receive 25% bonus
• Send 10 BTC or more: receive 30% bonus
• Send 20 BTC or more: receive 35% bonus
• Send 50 BTC or more: receive 50% bonus

EARLY BIRD ADDITIONAL BONUS

From August 15th, 2017 until August 20th, 2017 - Early Supporters receive an additional 10% bonus:

• Send 4 BTC or more: receive 25% + 10% = 35% bonus 
• Send 10 BTC or more: receive 30% + 10% = 40% bonus 
• Send 20 BTC or more: receive 35 % + 10% = 45% bonus 
• Send 50 BTC or more: receive 50% + 10% = 60% bonus 



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 15

ICO – Initial Coin Offering Overview
An Initial Coin Offering, a common way of starting a project in crypto-currency world, will be used to 
generate the seed funding that is needed to support our project goals.

MINIMUM THRESHOLD 

We are looking to raise a minimum of 250 BTC. This will enable us to deliver v1.0 of the mobile 
applications (basic functionality) and enable it to run on our stable blockchain network. The 250 BTC 
will cover all the costs related to this including development, marketing and server expenses until 
December 31, 2017. Therefore, we will be setting 250 BTC as our minimum funding threshold.

TARGET 

The target figure for the campaign is 700 BTC. This will enable us to release a fully functional version of 
the application on both Android and iOS mobile platforms which will include full functionality of all 
features, a news section, video tutorials and a globally stable blockchain network.
Hard Cap - A Funding Ceiling of 2,000 BTC has been established. This is to ensure that those who sent 
BTC receive a certain amount of OXY after the end of the ICO. If the 2,000 BTC limit is reached, the 
ICO will be closed and the OXY tokens distributed between the participants.

SUPPORTING WITH ALTCOINS

Accepted tokens are: BTC, BCC, ETH, SHIFT, LISK, RISE and ARK. For those participants 
supporting with Altcoins rather than BTC, the value of the tokens used will be averaged across the 
period of August 15th to the end of the ICO Period. The average value will be calculated by picking the 
value of each Altcoin multiple times a day using the Coinmarketcap API functionalities.

PRICE PER OXY 

The price of the OXY token will depend upon the amount raised during the ICO and reaching the 
minimum funding goal of 250 BTC.  The full calculation details and examples can be found in the 
sections of this white paper for “Distribution Calculation Examples”.



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 16

ICO – Initial Coin Offering Overview

THRESHOLD NOT REACHED? 

If the minimum funding target of 250 BTC is not reached by the end of the ICO:

• Supporters will be given a chance to request a full refund of their support funds until October 15, 
2017 01:00am UTC.

• We will continue developing v1.0 of the mobile application.
• There will be a fixed price of 0,00000933 BTC per OXY.
• The OXY that are not sold in the ICO will be locked away in a separate wallet for a year or until the 

team lacks funds, to be used for a second ICO.



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 17

ICO – Funds Distribution
As stated in our Plan, in order to generate seed funding for our OXYCOIN® project, we will launch 
an ICO (Initial Coin Offering) on September 1st, 2017.  These funds will contribute to supporting 
development, server expenses, marketing, consultancy, team expansion, and founders.
Please refer to the following diagram for the ICO funds distribution:

CONSULTANCY
10%

FOUNDERS
10%

TEAM EXPANSION
10%

MARKETING & PR
20%

SERVER EXPENSES
10%

DEVELOPMENT
40%



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 18

ICO – OXY Distribution
The total amount of coins created at the start of our main network is 100,000,000 OXY. To fund our 
project for the first year and continue development, we will sell a maximum of 75,000,000 OXY (75%) 
throughout the Early Supporters Program and ICO. 

Please refer to the following diagram for the OXYCOIN® distribution of 100,000,000 total supply:

ICO
75,000,000

STARTUP BONUS FOR TEAM
1,000,000

AIRDROP FOR TESTERS
4,500,000

AIRDROP FOR AMBASSADORS
4,500,000

TEAM WALLET 
(VOTING WEIGHT)

10,000,000

BOUNTIES
5,000,000



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 19

Distribution Calculations – Fundamentals 
We understand that there are individuals who will support our project using cryptocurrencies other 
than BTC. The ICO distribution calculations for those not using BTC are slightly more complex due to 
price fluctuations, however we’ve implemented an attractive calculation system which will protect Early 
Supporter bonuses. The ICO and ESP final distribution calculations depend on two systems: “Status and 
Bonus Protection for Early Supporter” and “Average BTC Value of the Alternative Cryptocurrencies”.

STATUS AND BONUS PROTECTION FOR EARLY SUPPORTERS

We are protecting the status and bonuses for our Early Supporters by determining eligibility and bonus 
tier based on the value of the transaction at the time it appears – not the average value at the end of the 
ICO. This system will protect the Early Supporter status and bonus percentage if there are downward 
trends in the alternative cryptocurrencies during the ESP and ICO period.

For example, when sending 4 BTC worth of LISK during the Early Supporter period, the value of the 
transaction at the time when it appears guarantees that you are an Early Supporter and will still receive 
your bonus, even if the average BTC value of the LISK you sent is worth less than 4 BTC at the end of 
the ICO.

In the case of higher tier Early Supporters (10 BTC or more), your bonus tier will not drop into a lower 
bonus tier, it will be protected and stay the same.

AVERAGE BTC VALUE OF THE ALTERNATIVE CRYPTOCURRENCIES

As of August 15th, 2017 – the start of the Early Supporters Program - the BTC value of all supported 
alternative cryptocurrencies will be saved each day until the end of the ICO period. We will determine 
the average BTC value of alternative currencies over the whole period between August 15th and the end 
of ICO. This average BTC value will be used in determining bonuses and final OXY distribution. There 
are many detailed examples in the following pages of this white paper.



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 20

Distribution Calculations – Equations

EQUATIONS & TERMINOLOGY 

BTC value sent by an account - This is the amount of BTC “value” sent by an account during the ESP 
and/or ICO period. This figure considers both the actual amount of BTC sent and the average BTC 
value of alternative cryptocurrencies sent. It is calculated with the following equation:

[Actual BTC sent] + [Average BTC value of alternative crypto currencies sent]

Total BTC value received - This is the total amount of BTC “value” received by the OXYCOIN® team 
during the ESP and/or ICO period.  This figure considers both the actual amount of BTC received and 
the average BTC value of alternative cryptocurrencies received. Note, it does not factor in bonuses. It is 
calculated with the following equation:

Sum for all accounts [BTC value sent by an account]

Weighted BTC value sent by an account - This is the total weighted BTC value sent by an account 
which factors in the bonuses. It is calculated with the following equation:

 [BTC value sent by an account + Bonus] 
Where Bonus = [Bonus Percentage * BTC Value sent by an account]

Total weighted BTC value received - This is the total weighted BTC value received by the OXYCOIN® 
team which factors in the bonuses. It is calculated with the following equation:

Sum for all accounts [Weighted BTC value sent by an account]

Percentage of ICO distribution -  This is the percentage that an account will receive from the 75,000,000 
OXY that will be distributed at the end of the ICO. It is calculated as follows:

[Weighted BTC value sent by account / Total weighted BTC value received]

OXY final distribution – This is the amount of OXY the account will receive at the end of the ICO 
period. It is calculated with the following equation:

[Percentage of ICO distribution * 75,000,000 OXY]



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 21

Distribution Calculations – Example #1 – “Only 
BTC is Sent”

SCENARIO: 

OXYCOIN® received 750 BTC and the calculated average BTC value of alternative currencies received 
is 250 BTC at the end of the ICO. 

• On August 25th John sent 4 BTC
• John qualifies as an Early Supporter so will also receive the 25% bonus OXY.
• John’s “weighted BTC value” to factor in his 25% bonus is going to be calculated as 4 BTC +   1 

BTC.
• His total weighted BTC value is 5 BTC. 
• For OXYCOIN®, Total BTC value received = 750 BTC + 250 BTC = 1000 BTC.
• If the Total weighted BTC received by OXYCOIN® was 1300 (Please note that this figure can only 

really be determined at the end of the ICO when all the bonus calculations are done).
• John’s Percentage of ICO distribution is: 

[5 BTC / 1300 BTC] = 0.003846154
• John’s final distribution is:

0.003846154 * 75,000,000 OXY = 288,461 OXY

NOTES

• Without Early Supporter Bonus, John’s final distribution would have been 230,946 OXY.
[ 4 BTC / 1299 BTC ] * 75,000,000 = 230,964 OXY.

• If John was an Early Supporter with Early Bird Bonus of +10%, John’s final distribution would have 
been 311,442 OXY.

 [ 5.4 BTC / 1300.4 BTC ] * 75,000,000 = 311,442 OXY

* In these calculations, the weighted BTC value received by OXYCOIN® must change due to the changes in 
John’s bonus. 



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 22

Distribution Calculations – Example #2 – “Win 
When Markets Lose”
This example will illustrate the added value of our Early Supporter Status and Bonus Protection system 
when average BTC values of alternative cryptocurrencies decrease during the ICO period.

SCENARIO: 

OXYCOIN® received 750 BTC and the calculated average BTC value of alternative currencies received 
is 250 BTC at the end of the ICO. In this scenario, the average BTC value of Ark and LISK are half 
value at the end of the ICO. 

• On August 25th John sent 2 BTC + 1 BTC worth of LISK + 1 BTC worth of ARK.
• On August 25th, the BTC value sent by John was 4 BTC.
• John qualifies as an Early Supporter will also receive 25% bonus OXY.
• If at the end of the ICO the average BTC value for ARK and LISK are half compared to the day he 

sent it, thus the BTC value sent from John’s account will now be 3 BTC as per:
• John sent 2 BTC + the average BTC value of his ARK is now 0.5 BTC + for LISK 0.5 BTC, 

totaling 3 BTC. John does not lose his Early Supporter Status or Bonus.
• John’s “weighted BTC value” to factor in his 25% bonus is 3 BTC + 0.75 BTC.
• His total weighted BTC value is 3.75 BTC. 
• For OXYCOIN®, Total BTC value received = 750 BTC + 250 BTC = 1000 BTC.
• If the Total weighted BTC received by OXYCOIN® was 1300 (Please note that this figure can only 

really be determined at the end of the ICO when all the bonus calculations can be done)
• John’s Percentage of ICO distribution is: 

[3.75 BTC / 1300 BTC] = 0.002884615
• John’s final distribution is:

0.002884615 * 75,000,000 OXY = 216,346 OXY

NOTES: 

• Without Early Supporter Status and Bonus Protection, John’s final distribution would have been 
173,176 OXY.  John has saved himself from losing 43,170 OXY by taking advantage of the Early 
Supporter Status and Bonus Protection. [3BTC /1299.25 BTC] *75,000,000 =173,176 OXY

• If John was an Early Supporter with Early Bird Bonus of +10%, John’s final distribution would have 
been 233,600 OXY.   [4.05 BTC / 1300.3 BTC] * 75,000,000 = 233,600 OXY

* In these calculations, the weighted BTC value received by OXYCOIN® must change due to the changes in 
John’s bonus.



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 23

Distribution Calculations – Example #3 “Win 
When Markets Win”
This example will illustrate the added value of the Early Supporters Program when average BTC values 
of alternative cryptocurrencies increase during the ICO.

SCENARIO:

OXYCOIN® received 750 BTC and the calculated average BTC value of alternative currencies received 
is 250 BTC at the end of the ICO. In this scenario, the average BTC value of Ark and LISK are double 
the value at the end of the ICO. 
• On August 25th John sent 2 BTC + 1 BTC worth of LISK + 1 BTC worth of ARK.
• On August 25th, the BTC value sent by John was 4 BTC.
• John qualifies as an Early Supporter and will also receive 25% bonus OXY.
• If at the end of the ICO the average BTC value for ARK and LISK have doubled from the day he 

sent it, the BTC value sent from John’s account will now be 6 BTC as per:
• John sent 2 BTC + the average BTC value of his ARK is now 2 BTC and for LISK 2 BTC, totaling 

6 BTC.
• John’s “weighted BTC value sent” to factor in his 25% bonus is going to be calculated as 6 BTC + 

1.5 BTC.
• His total weighted BTC value is 7.5 BTC.
• For OXYCOIN®, Total BTC value received is 750 BTC + 250 BTC = 1000 BTC.
• If the Total weighted BTC value received by OXYCOIN® was 1300 BTC (Please note that this 

figure can only really be determined at the end of the ICO when all the bonus calculations can be 
done. Here we are using a sensible number to show how the calculation would work).

• John’s Percentage of ICO distribution is:
[7.5 BTC / 1300 BTC] = 0.00576923077

• John’s final distribution is:
0.0057692307 * 75,000,000 OXY = 432,692 OXY

NOTES:

• Without the Early Supporters Program Bonus, John’s final distribution would have been 346,533 
OXY. John now has an extra 86,539 OXY by taking advantage of the Early Supporters Program.             

[ 6 BTC / 1298.5 BTC ] * 75,000,000 = 346, 533 OXY
• If John was an Early Supporters with Early Bird Bonus of +10%, John’s final distribution would 

have been roughly 467,092 OXY.    
[ 8.1 BTC / 1300.6 BTC ] * 75,000,000 = 467,092 OXY

* In these calculations, the weighted BTC value received by OXYCOIN® must change due to the changes in 
John’s bonus.



© 2018 OXYCOIN. All rights reserved.
OXYCOIN® is a trademark registered at Benelux Office for Intellectual Property. 24

End
The OXYCOIN® team would like to thank you for reading our White Paper. If you did not find what 
you were looking for, your question might already be answered in your FAQ webpage. 

We hope that you are as excited about this project as we are! It’s time to make mass adoption of 
cryptocurrencies a reality. Together, we can make it simple for more people to join the wonderful world 
of blockchain technologies that are filled with technological and financial opportunities.


