















































Contents

3

5

7

8

9

10

11

12

14

17

20

Publica - The 1st Protocol
For Decentralised Publishing

Why do authors support
Publica’s protocol?

Protocol use case illustration

What does the Publica protocol
offer readers?

Protocol benefits
for some publishers

Incentives for early
contributors into protocol

Benefits for classic
liberalism and humanism

The Publica team so far

Protocol components
and App layer

Protocol schema

Legal Disclaimer



Publica’s protocol for decentralised publishing on the 

blockchain is a reinvention of Gutenberg’s press for 

the 21st century. Even if it becomes a de-facto largest 

publisher, it maintains no inventory. Nonetheless, the 

books that it publishes can last forever, both for the 

readers who own them and for the world.

Publica - The 1st Protocol
For Decentralised Publishing

3

A book’s access keys are represented by an Ethereum 

ERC20 token that Publica calls the READ Token, unique 

to each literary work. A READ Token balance is mapped 

to the public key of its owner in Ethereum’s programming 

language called Solidity. Decentralised free access to 

the Ethereum blockchain’s data enables transparent 

verification of ownership. It also enables decentralised 

authorization of access to the literary work that any 

given READ Token is associated with.

The operational protocol layer is built in Solidity and 

uses the Ethereum network’s computing power. It 

processes direct transactions in the protocol’s currency 

between readers and authors (buyers and sellers) for a 

book’s access keys.



Literary works will be stored in decentralised immutable 

storage built on top of continuously advancing solutions 

for decentralised immutable storage. Publica protocol is 

experimenting with solutions offered by IPFS, Storj, Sia, 

MaidSafe and upcoming Filecoin, EOS and eventually, 

Swarm for Ethereum.

Publica’s protocol is powered by its currency called 

Pebbles (PBL ticker, an ERC20 token), issued in a fixed 

and locked supply.

The protocol’s application layer of customer-facing apps 

will be built by the protocol team as white label, open 

source tools available to the community for branding, 

extending, and embedding into other applications, to 

enhance current ink-readers and e-readers with a wallet-

module supporting Publica’s protocol.

4



1. Immediate direct payments, buyer to seller, reader to 

author. 

2. Transparent sales ledgers — no audits required.

3. Expanded range of business models. Crowdfunding, 

online storefronts, scholastic and scientific institutions, 

patronage, serialization, collaborations, peer reviews,

pay-as-you-read, public libraries, non-profits, etc.

4. Authors and their agents are as creative in their 

business models as in their books but are traditionally 

bound by a controversial “license” and EULA. 1 Publica’s 

protocol replaces them with an access key that frees 

authors to discover new business models. The Publica 

protocol also supports time-limited READ Tokens that 

can be used for similar limited-ownership business 

models.

Why do authors support Publica’s protocol?

1 License agreements are how centralized publishers like Amazon, Rakuten/Kobo, etc., control ebooks. License agreements 

can be optionally used alongside the Publica protocol but they’re not part of the protocol. License agreement violations 

can’t be enforced by Publica — READ tokens can’t be remotely erased from their owner’s wallet —  but agreements can be 

enforced by courts and legal jurisdictions in the normal manner. The Publica protocol supports time-limited READ tokens 

that can be used for similar limited-ownership business models.

5



5. Freedom to market, publicize, and sell to the whole 

world, without geographic restrictions, without fear 

of chargebacks, errors, or cheating. Sell in proprietary 

online storefronts too.

6. Strong resistance to censorship and tampering by 

the immutability virtue of blockchain-based storage. 

Finished works are automatically dated and fixed, no

matter how many editions or variations are sold. 2

7. Direct control over what to publish, at what price, in 

an ever-more-decentralised world of global ecommerce.

8. Long-lived ebooks, never abandoned by a publisher’s 

fortunes or licensing model. The Publica protocol 

continues working even if Publica-the-organization 

goes away.

2 Copyright rules require a creative work to be dated in a fixed and tangible form of expression.

6

Crowdfunding? Consider an ICO for a book, where the 

author sells READ Tokens as access keys to fund a book 

that will be written, edited, proofread, illustrated and 

packaged with the proceeds of the token sale.



For illustrative purposes, we begin protocol illustration 

with authors, who use Publisher wallet-app and its 

GUI to set up commercial conditions for distribution 

of the reading access key (READ token contract) 

and deploy it to Ethereum blockchain. Before or after 

the contract is deployed, an author is submitting 

the literary work to decentralised storage and linking it 

to the smart contract. Now, the book or rather its 

access-key (READ token)  is available for purchase in 

exchange for PBL tokens for a price set up by author. 

Author is free to advertise its book in whichever 

way they find reasonable and once potential reader 

discovers it, she is purchasing READ token to access 

the book directly from the smart contract the author 

has deployed. Once READ token is purchased, reader 

app-wallet can access the content in decentralised 

storage as the public key matching the private key 

stored in the app-wallet is available in respective 

READ-token mapping.

Protocol use case illustration

7



1. Lower prices. Payments go directly to the author’s 

wallet with no intermediaries required.

2. Irrevocable ownership. Your ownership of a READ 

Token linking you to decentralised storage is immutable.

3. Secondary markets and persistence. Sell or give book 

keys as you wish. Ebooks on decentralised storage don’t 

disappear.

4. “Radical inclusion.” Authors can include their readers 

in crowdfunding and other business models that provide 

the capital to produce great book projects.

5. Lower-priced paper books. The protocol supports 

paper books with a participating print-on-demand 

partner. Print-on-demand where the reader is, no 

shipping. Eliminate waste in traditional large print runs 

and warehousing.

What does the Publica protocol offer readers?

8



Some publishers benefit from the status quo. Others 

benefit from innovation.

Protocol benefits for some publishers:

1. Direct control of publications-in-process, including 

review copies, editorial and illustration copies, 

pseudonymised peer review copies, translation copies, 

etc., and their ecommerce.

2. Direct, discrete, transparent transactions including 

wholesale, print-on-demand, new kinds of online 

storefronts, etc. Business secrets like negotiated prices 

aren’t revealed.

3. Lower cost persistent, decentralised storage.

4. Business models that don’t require End User License 

Agreements (EULA). Tokens aren’t book copies subject 

to first-use and exhaustion rules.

Protocol benefits for some publishers

9



1. Own a piece of the protocol. The Publica protocol 

requires Pebbles (PBL tokens) in a fixed supply. Pebbles 

are the sole medium of exchange in the Publica workflow.

2. Be an important part of tokenizing access and 

decentralizing storage of the world’s information that’s 

suitable for ecommerce. Wallet-to-wallet, starting with 

how big ideas and deep knowledge are shared - in books.

Incentives for early contributors into protocol

10



1. Independence. The Publica protocol is open source, 

decentralised and immutable. Smart contracts, once set 

on a blockchain, work without third-party mediation.

2. Democratizing value and trust. Book buyers vote only 

with their own wallets. A radical inclusion of buyers and 

sellers, with their incentives aligned, mediated only by

blockchains.

3. Spreading books to the under-booked, and the 

underbanked, around the globe.

Benefits for classic liberalism and humanism

11



Developers

Experienced blockchain developers at Scandiweb.com, a 

leading ecommerce site developer working on projects 

for Walmart, New York Times, Land Rover, Jaguar, 

Mitsubishi, L’Oreal and many more.

In the blockchain space, Scandiweb has partnered with 

Element Group to handle technology side for ICOs of 

Enigma, BlockV, Sense, and others.

Scandiweb is privately owned company by Publica’s co-

founder and COO Antons Sapriko.

Executive

The Publica team so far

Josef Marc, CEO. Project credits include CBS 

Olympics, DirecTV, Verizon, Sony,

UNICT Rwanda.

Antons Sapriko, COO, founder of Scandiweb.

Yuri Pimenov, CTO, Bitcoin exchange pioneer.

12



Advisors

Marc Kenigsberg, evangelist for blockchains and 

corporate social responsibility.

Arne Krokan, digital economics professor, and author.

Sheron McCartha, fiction author, and self-publisher.

Jeff Scott, FinTech consultant, and an adjunct scholar at 

the Mises Institute.

Hundreds of Publica supporters on social media, called 

“Publicans.”

13



Publisher app-wallet for authors

• Enables deployment of book-specific smart contract 

containing the terms of sale for an access key to the 

book, volume discounts, the total supply of access 

keys (READ Tokens) and other commercial features.

• Enables submitting literary work to the decentralised 

immutable storage and linking it to the deployed 

smart contract.

• Cryptocurrency and token wallet functionality to 

pay for the services of the protocol and get paid in 

protocol currency

Smart contract for PBL tokens - protocol currency 

• Standard ERC20 contracts containing mapping of PBL 

owners with their balances and standard Approve 

function to allow interaction with other contracts 

within the protocol.

Protocol components and App layer

14



Smart contracts for READ Tokens

• ERC20 compatible token, unique for each book, 

represents a right to access a particular literary work 

linked to smart contract.

• READ Token smart contract is deployed by an 

author with the help of a publisher wallet-app with 

commercial conditions, chosen by the author.

• READ Token is bought by a reader in exchange 

for PBLs. To learn more about how the protocol 

enables trading tokens for tokens, please consult 

the project’s GitHub. 

E-reader app-wallet for readers

• Enables discovery and purchase of the protocol 

currency, and any literary works published with 

the Publica protocol

• Permits rendering of downloaded content in e-reader

• Enables storage and transfer of PBL and READ Tokens 

(wallet)

• In-app authorization and decryption, or sending 

requests to a remote node signed with a private key.

15



Decentralised storage

• Stores a literary work in a zero-knowledge distributed, 

decentralised, immutable storage.

• Preferably supports affordable re-encryption or 

access layer logic.

• Access, metered-streaming, and download operations.

Wallet Module for existing ink-reader

and e-reader apps

• Wallet module to introduce private key and signing 

of requests to a conventional reader.

• Connector to a decentralised storage to request and 

download content that is linked to your READ Tokens, 

stored in your wallet and sent to the application for 

on-screen rendering.

16

Customer-facing apps will be built as white label, open 

source tools, available to the community for branding, 

extending and embedding into other applications such as 

enhancing current ink-readers and e-readers with a wallet 

module supporting the Publica protocol.



DECENTRALISED PUBLISHING

PROTOCOL START

Open publishing app-wallet for Authors. Free, open-source,

client-side interface, browser-based, like MyEtherWallet.

Use a GUI to set up the smart contract for sales of the book

- READ Token price in PBL, volume discounts

- locking the number of license keys

- presale contract set up (Book ICO)

Pulling Solidity Smart Contracts template for selling READ access

licenses in form of an ERC20 token from the decentralised storage.

Adding book-specific values set up by an author to a smart

contract template, and deployment of the contract instance 

to the Ethereum blockchain. The author is the owner

of the contract. An author is not charged PBL for

deployment, only Ethereum blockchain miner fees.

Use GUI to prepare your manuscript for publishing.

Adding your manuscript - ebook to a decentralised

immutable storage and receiving back an access token.

The author is the owner of the transaction.

Updating smart contract with an access token

to the e-book content in decentralised storage.

Linking book smart contract to its content.

DECENTRALISED PUBLISHING

PROTOCOL END



CONTENT SALE

AND PURCHASE

PROTOCOL START

CONTENT SALE

AND PURCHASE

PROTOCOL END

Open a Reader App-Wallet, a free, open-source

application, to read the books and store your private

key to manage READ and PBL tokens.

Discover the library of available books

in the form of a catalog or by an inbound

link from a site or author.

Buy READ Tokens of a book,

specific to each book with

its own smart contract.

READ Tokens purchased and available

in ERC20 compatible wallet, smart contract mapping

is updated with the public key of the user.

PBL smart contract mapping is updated,

- a reader’s PBLs are decreased by the

purchase price + transaction fees

- authors received sale price in PBL minus platform fees

- Publica platform received % from the sale price in PBL

as the protocol self-funding fee

PBL purchase via API call to

an Exchange or ShapeShift widget

PBL tokens

available?
No

Yes



DECENTRALISED CONTENT ACCESS

PROTOCOL START

Open a Reader App-Wallet, a free, open-source

application, to read the books and store your

private key to manage READ and PBL tokens.

Update the library of the books available

to read (matching your READ Tokens).

In the simplest form, parsing smart contracts.

Select a book you want to access

that is not available in your local storage.

The application verifies that your private key

matches a public key stored in the book’s

READ Token smart contract, and grant

 access to the storage.

Content is read from storage such as a mounted

drive or collected from immutable shards.

Ideally, storage has access logic layer that can

verify request signing with a private key.

Content is loaded onto the device and rendered.

DECENTRALISED CONTENT ACCESS

PROTOCOL END



This whitepaper is for information purposes only and may be subject to change. Publica cannot guarantee the accuracy of the statements made or conclu-
sions reached in this whitepaper. Publica does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties (whether express or implied by statute 
or otherwise) whatsoever, including but not limited to:
 
-       any representations or warranties relating to merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, description, suitability or non-infringement;
 
-       that the contents of this document are accurate and free from any errors; and
 
-       that such contents do not infringe any third party rights. Publica shall have no liability for damages of any kind arising out of the use, reference to or 
reliance on the contents of this whitepaper. 
 
This whitepaper may contain references to third-party data and industry publications. As far as Publica is aware, the information reproduced in this White-
paper is accurate and that its estimates and assumptions are reasonable. However, there are no assurances as to the accuracy or completeness of this infor-
mation. Although information and data reproduced in this Whitepaper are believed to have been obtained from reliable sources, we have not independently 
verified any of the information or data from third party sources referred to in this whitepaper or ascertained the underlying assumptions relied upon by 
such sources.
 
As of the date of publication of this whitepaper, PBL Tokens have no known potential uses outside of the Publica platform ecosystem and are not permitted 
to be sold or otherwise traded on third-party exchanges. This whitepaper does not constitute advice nor a recommendation by Publica, its officers, directors, 
managers, employees, agents, advisors or consultants, or any other person to any recipient of this paper on the merits of participation in the Publica Token 
Sale. Participation in the Publica Token Sale carries substantial risk that could lead to a loss of all or a substantial portion of funds contributed.
 
No promises of future performance or value are or will be made with respect to PBL Tokens, including no promise of inherent value, no promise of con-
tinuing payments, and no guarantee that PBL Tokens will hold any particular value.  Unless prospective participants fully understand and accept the nature 
of Publica’s proposed business and the potential risks inherent in PBL Tokens, they should not participate in the Publica Token Sale. PBL Tokens are not 
being structured or sold as securities. PBL Tokens are not a participation in Publica and PBL Tokens hold no rights in Publica. PBL Tokens are sold with an 
intended future functionality on the platform to be developed by Publica and all proceeds received during the Token Sale may be spent freely by Publica on 
the development of it’s business and platform.
 
This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offering document and is not an offer to sell, nor the solicitation of an offer to buy any investment 
or financial instrument in any jurisdiction. PBL Tokens should not be acquired for speculative or investment purposes with the expectation of making an 
investment return. 
  
No regulatory authority has examined or approved any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the 
laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that applicable 
laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.
 
PBL Tokens could be impacted by regulatory action, including potential restrictions on the ownership, use, or possession of such tokens. Regulators or other 
competent authorities may demand that Publica revises the mechanics and functionality of PBL Tokens to comply with regulatory requirements or other 
governmental or business obligations. Nevertheless, Publica believe they have taken commercially reasonable steps to ensure that its planned mechanics are 
proper and in compliance with currently considered regulations. Publica is in the process of undertaking further legal and regulatory analysis of the intended 
functionality and mechanics of PBL Tokens. Following the conclusion of this analysis, we may be required to amend the intended functionality of PBL Tokens 
in order to ensure compliance with any legal or regulatory obligations that apply to us. We shall update this Whitepaper and publish a notice on our website 
in the event that any changes are made to the PBL Token functionality.

CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This whitepaper contains forward-looking statements or information (collectively “forward-looking statements”) that relate to Publica’s current expectations 
and views of future events. In some cases, these forward-looking statements can be identified by words or phrases such as “may”, “will”, “expect”, “antici-
pate”, “aim”, “estimate”, “intend”, “plan”, “seek”, “believe”, “potential”, “continue”, “is/are likely to” or the negative of these terms, or other similar expressions 
intended to identify forward-looking statements. Publica has based these forward-looking statements on its current expectations and projections about 
future events and financial trends that it believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, financial needs, or the results 
of the token sale or the value or price stability of PBL Tokens.
 
In addition to statements relating to the matters set out here, this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements related to Publica’s proposed operating 
model. The model speaks to its objectives only, and is not a forecast, projection or prediction of future results of operations.
 
Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and analysis made by Publica in light of its experience and perception of historical trends, 
current conditions and expected future developments and other factors it believes are appropriate, and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Although 
the forward-looking statements contained in this whitepaper are based upon what Publica believes are reasonable assumptions, these risks, uncertainties, 
assumptions, and other factors could cause Publica’s actual results, performance, achievements, and experience to differ materially from its expectations 
which are expressed, implied, or perceived in forward-looking statements. Given such risks, prospective participants in this token sale should not place 
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.

Legal disclaimer


