





































ICO Prospectus/Token Whitepaper
                 Version 1.5, July 2017





Overview 

Rasputin Online is a fresh concept in Entertainment for Adults. taking two existing and proven 

mediums those being Online Voyeurism and Live Cam Entertainment. combining the two and 

delivering them on a single platform. 

From our customised broadcast studio. our models will both live their daily lives in-house and on 

camera broadcast live in HD 24/7 (that's the Voyeur part. think Big Brother or Dom2). and also perform 

live shows for our customers via our 30 Live Show Rooms (The Live Cam part) 

Our customers can watch their favourite Housemate performing a live show and they can then follow 

them throughout the house in which they live and watch them. eat. sleep, party, workout 

and go about their daily lives as well as interacting with them on different levels 

Rasputin Online is set to be a premium live broadcast entertainment centre for adults

04 



How Does it Work? 

Our project functions as a premium live broadcast Entertainment hub giving viewers from across the globe the 

medium to connect with our in-house models on different levels. Our custom built broadcast studio is set out as a 

party house and in this party house will live 60 models all coming from different parts of the world. Throughout the 

house there will be up to 100 cameras streaming life inside live, in High Definition, 24 hours per day. Cameras will be 

placed in all living areas, party and bar areas, swimming pool, gym and spa areas, the outdoor kitchen and hot tub 

area and in the bedrooms and bathrooms all of which broadcast live pictures and audio to our paying customers. 

Within the house we will also have up to 30 Live Show rooms. These live show rooms are private rooms where our 

models perform on camera broadcast to a live audience. Viewers can chat in a public chat room and tip the model 

at anytime or they can engage in a private show with the model. It is the profit derived from these Live Show rooms 

that will be distributed quarterly to ROC token holders. 

Members of RasputinOnline can vote on what type of weekly party will take place in the house, they can choose for 

their favourite model to take yoga classes, painting or piano lessons, they can buy roses, perfume and other gifts, they 

can send their favourite model a bottle of wine and a box of chocolates or they can take part in prize winning compe­

titions all allowing our members to interact with our models in many different ways. 

05 



How Does it Work? 

Users gain access for free with only registration required, then they have the opportunity to purchase credits 

to unlock premium areas and to spend on multiple features within the site



How is Rasputin Online Different? 

The concept of Voyeur and Live Cam entertainment 

already exists, our platform brings both of these 

mediums together on an enhanced platform with 

many unique features. Our biggest unique feature of 

having a purpose built broadcast centre where all of 

our models live, party, perform and interact with our 

customers 24/7 makes us a new concept in the 

multi billion dollar Entertainment for Adults sector.

• First ICO backed project for
online Entertainment for
Adults

• Unique within the broader
Entertainment sector

• 100% of distributable
profits distributed to token
holders

We will also sit within the Entertainment for 

Adults industry as the first crypto funded/backed 

live broadcast channel of any type. We will be 

distributing 100% of distributable profits derived 

from our Live Show rooms to our ROC token 

holders which set’s us apart from anything in the
broader Entertainment and the Crypto Currency 

worlds.

07 



How is Rasputin Online Different? 

REALLIFECAM 

The ever popular past time of watching people LIVE

their everyday lives 

LIVE JASMIN 

The fastest growing segment of enterainment for 

adults, HD camera shows performed to a live a 

global audience 

..... _ __ __ 

RasP-utin 
Online 

We bring together similar audiences from two 

well defined sub-markets to a single platform, 

offering a 24/7 High Definition interactive 

experience targeted at very large and well 

established global audience 

08 



Competition 

As our project is unique, we do not have any true competitors however there are other websites and companies 

with an audience that would fit with us from which we would like to take market share from their respective 

sectors. 

LIVE JASMIN 

56 Current global rank 

Live Cam site 

A 
--

---.. --= 

889 Current global rank 

Voyeur Cam site 

83 Current global rank 

Live Cam site 

HV 
VT 

21.234 Current global rank 

Voyeur Cam site 

151 Current global rank 

Live Cam site 

The rank is calculated using a combination of average daily visitors to this site and pageviews on this site over the past 3 

months. The site with the highest combination of visitors and pageviews is ranked #l. 

09 



How do Our Numbers Compare? 

We built a Studio as a testbed and conducted l week of live public testing for which we achieved 402,332 unique 

visitors and gained 297 members 

133 030 
visitors from USA 

40,792 
visitors from UK 

108,393 
visitors from Germany 

25,666 
visitors from Canada 

Global rank after l week of testing: 207,420 (up from 20,606,774 the week prior to live 
testing) 

Source alexa.com & siterank.com http://siterank.today/siteinfo/rasputinonline.com 

March 27th, 2017 

63,168 
visitors from Russia 

30,804 
visitors from Other 
Regions 

10 



Revenue Model Overview 

Customers can register as members for free. Inside the members area they will have access to some free cameras. 

Members then purchase credits which can be used to buy access to all premium cameras as well as to tip girls in 

the Live Show rooms, pay for private shows, buy our models gifts, enter competitions and pay for access to the 

previous 24 hours of recorded footage for all cameras.

Customer 

Free Cams 

Tokens Purchase 

Unlock all house Voyeur Cams 

Pay Tips to Housemates in Live Shows 

24 Hour Replay 

Subscription Billing 

Gift Shop 

11 





= 2.75USD

l ROC will sell at the set price of 2.75USD with bonus periods for early adopters of 20% during the first 

week of the ICO, and 15% during the second week and 10% during the third week. Users can buy, sell, 

trade ROC tokens on cryptocurrency exchanges

13 



Our ICO Structure 

We are raising funds through the issue of our ROC token, issued through the Ethereum smart contract system. 

These proceeds will be used to fund the RasputinOnline entertainment project. 

ROC tokens can be purchased through our investment portal in Bitcoin, Ethereum, USD  and Euro bank wire 

transfer

Dividend payout structure: 

Each quarter, 100% distributable profits derived from all Live Show rooms will be converted into ether and 

transferred to the wallet containing the smart contract and then distributed to all ROC holders 

The ICO will run for 40 days with a set price of 2.75USD per ROC token with bonus periods also on offer

See ICO emissions 

We will also be extending invitations to the top five investors to the launch of Phase 2 of the project 

See ICO Top Investor rewards 

14 



Smart Contracts 

The ROC Token is accompanied by a group of Smart Contracts deployed as a layer of Dapps written in Solidity using 

EVM (Ethereum Virtual Machine) bytecode. Dapps will be implemented using the Truffle Dapps Framework and will 

be stored statically with IFPS. HTML, CSS and JavaScript in the Presentation Layer and UX supporting the web apps to 

integrate white label crypto Wallet functionality. Contract Logic - Smart Contracts using Solidity. 

Stages: 

1 Implement high level Smart Contracts using Solidity 

2 Implement web interface using CSS, HTML and JavaScript 

3 Use Web3 JavaScript API to interact with Smart Contracts 

4 Dapps build -Smart Contract logic layers 

5 Deploy from ROC Ethereum Node (testnet) 

6 Service Dapps making changes to logic It is intended ROC will deploy a full Ethereum Node from which to test and deploy 

Smart Contracts. 

15 



Smart Contracts 

ROC token smart contract components made before ICO 

(for token distribution): 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

Implement ERC20 token standard in smart contract 

ROC token buyers will transfer respective amount of 

ether to smart-contract address 

The Smart contract on acceptance of the Ether transfers 

respective amount of token to the ROC token purchaser. 

The Transfer function of ERC20 standards is used in our 

contract to transfer respective amount of tokens for that 

particular ether received at the smart contract address 

A ROC token holder can transfer his/her to token to 

another address through the transfer function in 

contract 

Mapping of all the token holder addresses is a function 

of the smart contract which gives us the ability to pay 

dividends to holders of ROC wherever the token travels 

ROC token smart contract made after ICO: 

(Dividend distribution to ROC token holders) 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

The Smart Contract contains a fallback function which 

comes into effect when rasputinonline.com transfers the 

distributable profits in Ether to Smart Contract addresses 

The Smart Contract has a second function which accounts 

for multiple ROC tokens being held at one address, this 

function allows holders of multiple ROC tokens to receive l 

dividend payment rather than l payment per ROC token 

that they hold. This will save on the mining fee 

Profit is divided among numbers of account addresses 

pursuing tokens and paid via payable function 

implemented in smart contract 

Within the Smart Contract function exists to transfer profit 

as Ether to respective token holders address(payable) 

Profit will be calculated per whole token at the holders 

address 

ROC token holders can check their dividend payment 

amount through a checks functions 

Block Schedule module of Ethereum will be implemented 

to prevent any double payments 

16 





ICO Goals 

We are raising money to custom build a broadcast studio that will have 30 live show rooms, a spa area, gym, pool, bar, 

an outdoor rec area and house up to 90 models. 

Every 100,000 ROC tokens sold in the crowd sale will build one new live show room. Each live show room generates 

revenue from paying customers and dividends will be distributed quarterly to ROC holders on profits made on each 

live show room. 

Once 800,000 ROC are sold (8 Live Show rooms) the second part of the planned project, Phase 2 plan will activate 

and we will then commit to constructing a new studio. The size of the studio will be in proportion to the amount of 

tokens sold. 

In the event that we do not raise enough capital to construct a new studio, the current test studio will be expanded to 

house the proportional amount, of Live Show rooms to the amount of Tokens sold. 



ICO Goals 

Every 100,000 ROC tokens sold in the crowd sale will build one new live show room. Each live show room generates 

revenue from paying customers and dividends will be distributed quarterly to ROC holders on profits made on 

each live show room. We have already built three Live Show rooms in Phase 1 and our target is to raise the required

funds to build Phase 2 which will have thirty Live Show rooms

First Live Show Room 100,000 ROC Second Live Show Room

SOLD BUILT SOLD BUILT 

19 

100,000  ROC

www.rasputinonline.com


ICO Goals 

Phase 2 Floorplan 

C 
C re 
re 

C 0.. 
0.. re ... 
... 0.. 0 
0 0 
0 

... 

u::: 0 
u::: 0 "O 
"O 0 u::: 0 "O 0 
C L/) "O L/) C L/) ::J r:-: ..., r:-: 0 r:-: 
0 r- Ill r- u r-
... 

u 
... 

u a, u 
l) Ill ti: Ill V) Ill 

20 



ICO Emissions and prices 

· 5.0 Million tokens will be created

· 3.0 Million distributed in crowd sale

· 1.4 million retained by the company*

· 0.5 Million distributed to Development team and Advisors*

· 0.1 Million distributed in bounties*

*The amount retained by the company, development team and distributed in bounties will be proportional to the 

amount sold in the crowdsale. For every ROC token sold, 0.4666666667 ROC will be emitted to the company, 

0.1666666667 ROC will be emitted to the development team and advisors and 0.0333333333 ROC will be emitted 

into the bounty pot. Any unsold ROC will be destroyed.

of 2.75USD

20% 
bonus will be on offer for the 

first 7 day period of the ICO

15% 
bonus will be on offer for the 

second 7 day period of the ICO

10% 
bonus will be on offer for the 

third 7 day period of the ICO

21 



How the raised capital be spent 

35% for Broadcast studio construction -

Every 100 thousand ROC sold will build a live show room in a new broadcast studio. The size of the broadcast studio 

that we build will be proportional to the amount of ROC sold. We have already built a smaller broadcast studio as a 

testbed that has 3 Live show rooms which we can expand and convert into the primary studio if we do not raise the 

required capital to build a new studio, Phase 2 of the project. 

35% for Marketing -

We will be spending heavily on marketing this project once live. The core of our business plan is to expand through 

market research and heavy advertising. A strong marketing plan will include event and sporting sponsorships and 

promotions. 

l 1% for Development -

We will be expanding our development team and hiring new blockchain specialists. We plan to use smart contracts 

as often as possible to pay suppliers and staff throughout the life of the project and eventually plan to process all 

transactions on the website on blockchain. 

19% for 12 months of live operations -

This will cover us for the first year of live operations, it will give us financial stability to grow and the audience build 

up a strong market share in the early months. 

22 



Business Accounting 

The accounting model for the Live Show rooms of Rasputin Online will be open, transparent, and housed on the 

public Ethereum blockchain. We plan to distribute 100% of all profits derived from our Live Show rooms to ROC 

holders quarterly.

Smart contracts will be used where possible to pay staff and suppliers during the fixed costs periods and the 

complete budget for the building of phase 2 will be published on the Ethereum blockchain. 

All accounts relating to the quarterly dividend payments to ROC holders will be audited by a reputable accounting 

firm and published on the blockchain. 

23 



ICO Top Investor rewards 

Invitations will be extended to our top five investors to the grand launch of Phase 2. Our invitation will include return 

airfares and accommodation for 4 nights in Tallinn to attend the opening of Phase 2. The top five largest accumula­

tive investments will be displayed and updated in real-time and at the closing of the ICO the five will be notified. 

Should Phase 2 not be implemented due to not enough funds being raised, the top two investors will be invited to 

the launch of Phase l 

24 



Roadmap 

LIVE test of phase l 
We publicly tested Phase l for one week during March to see if our 

concept works and how well it would be received. It was well received 

Full launch of Phase l 
lfwe do not raise the required funds to build the planned much larger 

studio (Phase 2). then Phase l will be adapted to accommodate the sold 

amount of Live Show rooms and launched as the primary broadcast 

studio 

• 

• 

• 

r,?n PHASEl 

Completion of test studio 
We have built a broadcast studio as a test bed for our project and as a 

demonstration to our ICO investors. this custom studio has 20 cameras. 3 

live show rooms. gym and party areas. an outdoor spa area and bedrooms 

to house up to 20 models . 

I ICO period 
We are holding a 40 day ICO, launching on the 17th of July 

• 

• -- h.o.r ,n1? 

Commence construction of Phase 2 
lfwe sell more than l.000,000 ROC tokens during the crowdsale. we will 

then action phase 2 into our plan. The construction of Phase 2 will be a 

custom renovation of an existing building. 

25 



Roadmap 

• 

We will conduct 2 weeks of live testing 
• 

Systems test of Phase 2 

We will commence 3 weeks of hardware tests and systems integration 

Full Phase 2 launch with 700 cameras. 30 live show rooms and 90 models. 

Large publicity drive and event for the launch 

26 



Bounty Campaign 

For every ROC token sold .0333333333 will be emitted into the bounty pot. Bounty hunters need to

register through the investment portal and bounties will be distributed as following 

20% 

Bitcointalk.org signature campaign 

20% 

Twitter campaign 

All bounty tokens 

will be distributed 

after the close of the 

ICO 

40% 

Exclusive marketing agreement 

20% 

Facebook campaign 

27 

You can  view the full bounty campaign details at ico.rasputinonline.com



Our Escrow Agreement 

The keys for the escrow wallet will be held by 

Veronika Buhharova, EAA

 (European Accounting Association)

Vladimir Somov 

Senior Auditor KPMG Baltics

All funds will be converted to BTC and split between two, 2 of3 multisig wallets

Each escrow officer will hold one of the keys required for signing transactions from the escrow wallet, 

the third key will be held by The Princess Group OU

31 






