











































1

VERSION 1. 4 
February 2018

This whitepaper introduces you to everything you need to know  to 
participate in the first and only Token Sale for Shping Coin. To stay on top 
of developments, subscribe to our updates at tokensale.shping.com 

Shping Coin Token 
Sale Whitepaper



DISCLAIMER

This document is a technical whitepaper setting out the current and 
future developments of the Shping Platform by Authenticateit Pty 
Ltd (Authenticateit) and the release of the Shping coins for use on 
the Shping Platform by Shping Pty Ltd (Shping Co). References in this 
paper to “Shping” are to the brand owned by Authenticateit which 
will operate the Shping Platform, unless otherwise stated. This paper 
is for information purposes only and is not a statement of future 
intent. Neither Authenticateit nor Shping Co makes any warranties or 
representations as to the successful development or implementation 
of such technologies and innovations, or achievement of any other 
activities noted in the paper, and disclaims any warranties implied by 
law or otherwise, to the extent permitted by law. No person is entitled 
to rely on the contents of this paper or any inferences drawn from it, 
including in relation to any interactions with Authenticateit, Shping Co 
or the technologies mentioned in this paper. Authenticateit and Shping 
Co disclaims all liability for any loss or damage of whatsoever kind 
(whether foreseeable or not) which may arise from any person acting 
on any information and opinions relating to Authenticateit, Shping, the 
Shping Platform, the issue of Shping Coins or any other information 
contained in this paper or any information which is made available in 
connection with any further enquiries, notwithstanding any negligence, 
default or lack of care.

The information contained in this publication is derived from data 
obtained from sources believed to be reliable and is given in good 
faith, but no warranties or guarantees or representations are 
made with regard to the accuracy, completeness or suitability of 
the information presented. It should not be relied upon, and shall 
not confer rights or remedies upon, you or any of your employees, 
creditors, holders of securities or other equity holders or any other 
person. 

Each recipient is to rely solely on its own knowledge, investigation, 
judgement and assessment of the matters which are the subject of 
this report and any information which is made available in connection 
with any further enquiries and to satisfy itself as to the accuracy and 
completeness of such matters.

This document, and any sale of tokens referred to in this document, 
will be subject to and governed by any terms and conditions of 
purchase of such tokens. 

PLEASE NOTE:  USA, China and New Zealand residents are excluded 
from purchasing Shping Coins during the Shping Token Sale. 

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



The world loves to shop. Few activities satisfy 

our most primitive hunter and gatherer 

instincts as much as the act of shopping for 

that perfect purchase.  Shopping is part of our 

everyday habits and a popular pastime that 

generates trillions of dollars for the global 

economy annually.

The mobile age has irrevocably changed our 

shopping habits forever. Today, we hunt and 

gather information in the palm of our hands - 

searching for information and seeking reviews 

and approvals before and after we take the 

product to the checkout counter. 

Shping takes this to the next level. This 

innovative shopper marketing and brand 

protection platform enhances the path-to- 

purchase at every stage of the product 

journey, even after the customer has left the 

store. The Shping App enables  shoppers to 

scan product barcodes to learn pertinent 

product information supplied by industry 

authorities and brands. It also enables 

consumers to check for authenticity, product 

recall status and product reviews contributed 

by other Shping users, all to enable 

consumers to make smarter, more informed 

purchase decisions. 

Shping platform is an innovative self-service, 

shopper marketing system. In a similar way 

that digital advertising platforms are used 

to influence sales online, Shping offers the 

ability for brands and retailers to market 

to consumers during shopping instances 

that occur in-store.  Yet, unlike advertising 

platforms, Shping enables brands and 

retailers to channel their marketing budgets 

into rewarding the consumer directly for their 

attention and engagement instead of paying 

large sums to the media giants. That’s a win 

for businesses and an even bigger win for the 

customers who buy their products. 

Shping Coins will become the 
currency that enables brands, 
retailers and associated 
organisations to utilise this 
powerful platform to influence 
and reward consumers to make 
smarter, safer shopping choices.  

Shping is on the verge of revolutionising the 

way we shop. As more and more consumers 

and organisations discover the benefit of the 

Shping platform, we see Shping Coin evolving 

into a desirable, new payment methodology.

Abstract

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



Table of contents

Abstract 

1.0 Shping’s Objectives 

2.0 The Market Opportunity

3.0 Introducing Shping

3.1 Features and benefits for Consumers 

3.2 Features and benefits for Brands 

3.3 Features and benefits for Retailers 

3.4 Features and benefits for Industry

4.0 How Shping works 

4.1 Building a Global Product Database 

4.2 Trusted Data Sources  

4.3 Marketing & Consumer Incentive System

5.0 The Shping Coin Economy

5.1 Structure of Distribution

6.0 Shping’s Current & Future Plan

6.1 Shping’s Current Snapshot 

6.2 Shping Milestone Plan 

6.3 Expansion Roadmap 

6.4 Development Roadmap

7.0 Monetisation Model 

8.0 The Shping Team

8.1 Executive Officers 

8.2 Management Team 

8.3 Developers 

8.4 Non-Executive Advisory Board 

8.5 Strategic Partners 

9.0 Conclusion

Appendix 

History of Shping 

Shping Timeline 

Case Study: Koalabi Ugg Boots 

Case Study: Norco

03 

05

06

10 

19

28

33

40

42

50

51

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



5

Our goal is for Shping Coin to evolve into a new token of 
exchange that incentivizes consumers, brands, retailers and 
associated organisations to work together to create a safer, 
smarter way for consumers to shop and share information 
about products in the market.

Shping’s Objectives

Our aims are powered by four interlocking strategic pillars that Shping aims to achieve 

simultaneously.

1. To develop the world’s largest, trusted Global Product Database through blockchain
innovation. The database will be perpetually updated by brands and users who will

be incentivized to access, add to, review and verify information about products avai-

lable in the market.

2. To provide full traceability and auditability of the supply chain for consumers, brands,
retailers, distributors, certification and governing bodies so that they may validate

whether any given product is safe, authentic and meets their standards.

3. To empower and incentivize consumers to instantly and conveniently assess the
quality, authenticity and suitability of the products they are purchasing by scanning

product barcodes with their mobile device.

4. To enable brands, retailers and associated organisations to incentivize consumers to
engage with them in a manner which is non-disruptive and customer-driven (i.e by

consumer’s scanning products), and which aids in the purchase of their products, and

strengthens brand loyalty and reputation.

Shping Coins are central to the incentive 
mechanism that Shping will activate to ensure 
we meet our objectives. 

CHAPTER 1.0

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



6

The following market conditions have inspired the development 
of the Shping Platform.

The Market Opportunity

2.1  The rise of omnichannel shopping experiences

According to forecasts by eMarketer1, eCommerce sales will account for just 10.1% of 

total, global retail sales in 2017. By 2021, the proportion of online sales as a portion of 

total retail sales is forecast at 15.5%. This indicates that as pervasive as e-commerce 

feels, the overwhelming majority of shopping experiences will still occur in physical retail 

environments in the short term.

In spite of the growth of e-commerce channels, the mobile-internet revolution has not made 

brick and mortar retail stores obsolete. On the contrary, customers seem to be using mobile 

devices to enhance their in-store shopping experiences in increasingly greater numbers.

For example, in Australia, 65% of customers reported using a digital device to assist them 

before they go shopping while 31% of customers reported using a digital device to assist 

them while they were shopping in the store².  Similar trends are echoed around the world. 

A report by Euromonitor International3 suggests that “customer demand for omnichannel 

shopping is unlikely to slow down, and retailers operating in different regions of the world 

will need to overcome the technical and branding challenges of seamlessness to become 

truly omnichannel.” 

As a result, retailers and brands are creating unique and interesting in-store activations 

to entice customers to share their shopping experiences on social media, or subscribe to 

owned-marketing channels and apps to help sustain the brand’s reach. As the competition 

for consumers grows, the omnichannel sales approach is expected to become a more 

prolific feature of the future retail experience.

CHAPTER 2.0

1 https://www.emarketer.com/Report/Worldwide-Retail- Ecommerce-Sales- eMarketers-Estimates-20162021/2002090 
2 https://www2.deloitte.com/au/en/pages/consumer-business/articles/global-powers-of-retailing-2016.html
3 http://blog.euromonitor.com/2016/11/new-retailing-research-key-trends-2017.html

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



7

2.2  The information-on-demand paradox

In a world of increasing choices, consumers today demand more details from the brands 

and products they purchase. Aware of this, brands are interested in providing more 

information about their brands and products to influence consumer choices, resulting in 

exponential growth in the discipline of direct response, content and mobile marketing.  

While the internet has made a range of product data available to everyone, often, this 

useful information is spread so broadly across many different channels that consumers 

are often not aware of it, can’t find it, or mistrust the source of information and ignore it. 

Mobile applications have become an increasingly efficient self-service channel to satisfy 

consumer appetite for more information, consideration and services.  However, the cost 

of creating these systems is out of reach for many brands and retailers. Accordingly an 

opportunity exists for Shping. The Shping Platform aims to use integrated blockchain 

technology to enable customers to access verified and useful product information simply by 

scanning a GS1 product barcode or datamatrix. Furthermore, it incentivises customers to do 

so.

2.3  The growth of “self-service” advertising and marketing 

The internet has democratized advertising media buying forever. Digital advertising has 

evolved to become dynamic, automated and programmatically coordinated, booked and 

scheduled through sophisticated self-service advertising management systems such as 

Google Adwords, Facebook Advertising and a multitude of trading desks.

While increasingly powerful consumer mobile technology has opened brands up to new 

possibilities to reach consumers, these advertising solutions are often complex, costly to 

implement, and are typically unfit for the direct purpose of influencing purchase behaviour 

in immediate retail situations.  

There are many marketing platforms geared towards influencing e-commerce sales, yet, 

there is no pervasive, self-service equivalent to reach consumers for the majority of 

purchase occasions which still happen in-store. This creates an opportunity for a simpler, 

more flexible self-service mobile-marketing model to be deployed. Shping has designed 

such an ecosystem.

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



8

2.4  The changing shape of loyalty programs

Globalisation has increased competition for brands locally and internationally. As a result, 

brands are seeking more opportunities to add customers to their loyalty programs to 

assist with customer retention and improve their sales performance.

Customers understand the value exchange of these 
loyalty programs and are subscribing in healthy volumes 
to access exclusive offers, discounts and rewards being 
offered by their favourite brands.  

For example, 62 percent of US consumers surveyed in 3C’s 2017 Mobile Loyalty Report4 said 

that they make more visits to the store because of mobile-enabled loyalty programs. The 

report also revealed that 64% of surveyed brands claimed an increase in loyalty program 

membership over the previous year, with a majority citing mobile loyalty programs as the 

biggest contributor to this increase. According to the 2017 Colloquy Loyalty Census, more 

than half (54 percent) of US loyalty program memberships are inactive5. This creates an 

opportunity for a single sign-in mobile loyalty platform that all brands can easily adopt 

and which is more convenient for consumers to use across borders. The design of such a 

loyalty management system is one of the core features of the Shping Platform.

2.5  Counterfeiting is still a growing problem 

Globalisation has created complexities for brands, manufacturers and retailers as well 

Counterfeit goods, and fraud continues to present significant challenges to retailers 

worldwide, and it is not uncommon to see retailers deploying extra measures to protect 

their products from counterfeiters, including increasing security presences in-store. 

While the precise size of the problem is difficult to assess, the Economic Impacts of 

Counterfeiting and Piracy6 report prepared for the International  Trademark Association 

and the International Chamber of Commerce BASCAP projects the total international trade 

of counterfeit and pirated goods will be $922 billion by 2022.

The cost  to brands to audit their supply chains and introduce solutions to ensure 

products sold in retail stores are genuine can be exorbitant. An opportunity therefore 

exists to make brand protection much more accessible through the Shping Platform.

4 http://go.3cinteractive.com/l/13622/2017-04-13/338s6s 
5 https://www.colloquy.com/resources/pdf/reports/COLLOQUY_2017_Loyalty%20Census.pdf
6  https://cdn.iccwbo.org/content/uploads/sites/3/2017/02/ICC-BASCAP-Frontier-report-2016.pdf

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



9

2.6  Increasing regulation for traceability compliance 

As a result of increasing safety concerns in industry verticals such as pharmaceuticals 

and food manufacturing, a number of governments are introducing new regulations for 

serialisation of products at the saleable unit level to enhance traceability, safety and 

assist in faster product recalls. For example, China has already introduced pharmaceutical 

and food safety laws7 and increased penalties for manufacturers who do not comply to 

the serialisation and traceability protocols. India8 now also requires companies to provide 

unique serial numbers for pharmaceutical products at the tertiary (case), secondary 

(saleable unit), and mono-carton packaging levels.

With the USA9 and the European Union10 also moving towards requiring unique serialisation 

at the package level for pharmaceuticals, it is expected that by the end of the decade, this 

type of measure will become a standard requirement for global pharmaceutical supplies. 

This shift creates an opportunity to create a new traceability and validation mechanism 

that can be universally adopted, and further transformed into an investment in marketing 

and brand protection at the saleable unit level. Shping has developed such a solution.

2.7  The increasing popularity of mobile payment platforms

Mobile phones have long been used by consumers to provide them with information and 

research to make pre-store and in-store decisions. Today, mobile payments are common 

fixtures among retailers who have accommodated contactless payment systems that are 

compatible with Digital Wallet technology embedded into new smartphones.

As the world moves closer to a 

cashless society, mobile payments 

are expected to become more 

common in retail transactions. 

With greater travel and population 

movement, this opens the doors for 

a retail-ready, globally accepted 

cryptocurrency system to be 

created. This could be Shping Coin.

7 http://apfoodonline.com/industry/staying-compliant-with-chinas-new-food-safety-law/
8 http://dgft.gov.in/exim/2000/pn/pn15/pn0415e.pdf
9 https://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/DrugIntegrityandSupplyChainSecurity/DrugSupplyChainSecurityAct/ucm565358.
10 https://ec.europa.eu/health/sites/health/files/files/eudralex/vol-1/reg_2016_161/reg_2016_161_en.pdf

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



10

Introducing Shping

Shping is the brand of Authenticateit Pty Ltd (Authenticateit) which delivers and provides 

the Shping Platform. The Shping Platform connects brands, retailers, consumers, and 

other associated stakeholders like government institutions (e.g AsureQuality), certification 

agencies (e.g Organics Australia) and customs (e.g World Customs Organization). It is the 

first platform of its kind, and will enable practical and simple communications between 

consumers and other stakeholders making it a powerful resource to assist consumers with 

purchase decisions.

Central to the Shping ecosystem is a Global Product Database which is supported by 

a growing number of reputable, validated data sources such as GS1 (the organisation 

responsible for managing global barcode standards), product recall portals from around 

the world and Everledger (a digital global ledger that tracks the provenance of high-value 

assets such as diamonds  in an authenticated immutable manner) and others. Shping 

consolidates and distributes the information shared by these groups in the common 

pursuit of creating safer, more informed shopping decisions to benefit consumers and 

CHAPTER 3.0

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



11

brands. The public interface to the Shping Platform is the Shping App -  a smartphone 

application which acts as a mobile product search engine. The Shping App enables anyone 

to scan a product’s barcode to learn more about products and the brands that make them 

before, during and after making a purchase. 

Shping is also a marketing and consumer engagement platform that enables participating 

brands and associated organisations to incentivize consumers who scan their products. 

This becomes a sustainable mechanism for brands to maintain customer loyalty, to 

provide rich product and promotional information to influence purchase decisions, and 

to communicate with consumers in relation to after-sales services such as warranty 

registration and product satisfaction surveys.  

In the near future, Shping also plans to enable retailers to use the Shping Platform to 

communicate to customers, in order to encourage them to visit their store and a host of 

other useful features (see page 17). Brands, retailers and associated organisations will 

acquire Shping Coins and allocate these to consumers as incentives to facilitate the desired 

engagements and actions they wish for consumers to take. Shping Coin will fuel engagement 

and incentivize information exchanges between parties, and in doing so, will power the 

constant refresh of information on the Shping Platform.

3.1  Features & benefits for consumers

3.1.1 Shping App 

By scanning regular barcodes already on 

packs, the Shping App enables consumers to 

tap into Shping’s Global Product Database to 

extract useful information to support them 

with their shopping choices. In exchange for 

scanning products and engaging with brands 

through the Shping Platform, consumers will 

earn rewards in the form of Shping Coins. 

The rewards will be set and provided by brands and retailers who have acquired 

Shping Coins to incentivize consumers to scan and engage with their products.   

As such, the number of Shping Coins provided as rewards to consumers may fluctuate 

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



12

based on the market value and demand. Shping will also incentivize users who fuel 

the growth of the platform by scanning and validating product information, adding 

“Shping Buddies”, adding reviews and adding details about products that are not 

found in the Global Product Database. 

Further, through Shping’s App and Platform, consumers will have access to an 

increasingly useful resource, which enables consumers to:

 → Look up a product’s ingredients, including information relating to the product’s 

nutritional value, origin and composition in more detail

 → View interesting additional information that brands may want to share such as 

videos, “making-of” documentaries,  advertisements, product manuals and recipes;

 → Contribute details to the Global Product Database, especially for items that are 

not yet listed in the Shping product database or do not have sufficient records

 → Rate products for the benefit of other Shping users

 → Read and write product reviews

 → Complete questionnaires and surveys from brands

 → Determine if a particular product has been recalled

 → See which certifications the product has secured (if this feature is activated by the 

certification authority)

 → Verify a product’s authenticity (if this feature is activated by brands)

 → Register the product for warranty (if this feature is activated by brands) 

and more.

Shping App users will be incentivized by brands, retailers and associated 

organisations to participate in certain actions by being rewarded with Shping Coins. 

As Shping grows in usage and popularity, it is expected that the list of available 

actions that will allow users to receive Shping Coins will also grow. 

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



13

3.1.2 Shping Status

Shping App users will progress through five tiers of status - Basic, Bronze, Silver, 

Gold, and Platinum. Each status change will be triggered by specific achievements 

and milestones as users become more active and frequent users of the Shping App 

(see Table 3.1.2).   

Conditions for acquiring and maintaining Shping Status

N/a

N/a

N/a

N/a

BASIC

x3

80

15

N/a

SILVER

x2

20

20

N/a

BRONZE

x5

200

10

10

GOLD

x10

300

5

50+

PLATINUM

Multiplier Effect

Scans required per 
month

Allowance of days  
with no scan

Shping Buddies  
connected

TABLE 3.1.2:  Shping 
Status Conditions

Additionally, Token Buyers who meet certain conditions during the Token Sale will be 

eligible for Platinum Status for Life. This will be the only time this exclusive privilege 

will be offered.  See Page 30  for details. 

Shping App users will be able to upgrade their status by scanning a predetermined 

number of product barcodes regularly, inviting and adding “Shping Buddies”, or 

accumulating and maintaining a high volume of Shping Coins in their linked Digital 

Wallets to maintain Gold or Platinum status. These membership levels then act as a 

multiplier effect enabling Shping App users to earn higher Shping Coins per average for 

each action. Users can only upgrade or downgrade one tier at a time, once a month. 

Number of Shping  
Coins held by users (in 
linked Digital Wallet)

N/a N/a N/a 10,000 20,000

OR



14

Users who are regular contributors to the Global Product Database, will have 

accuracy ratings assigned to them. Users with higher accuracy ratings may earn 

Shping Coins from Shping based on their accuracy rating, and be given special titles 

within the Shping community. All information entered by contributors is verified 

by Shping’s moderation team, who will manually check information from the public 

domain to ensure it matches the information entered by the contributor. 

If 100% of the information has been verified correctly, the contributor will receive 

100% of the Shping Coin allocated as a reward for this action. If 70% of the information 

is correct, the user would only receive 70% and so on. The system would average the 

score for all contributions in order to calculate the contributor’s score. For example, if 

a contributor enters information in relation to 10 different products, where 5 of those 

products receive a rating by the Shping moderator of 100% and 5 products receive a 

rating of 80% the average rating for the contributor would equate to 90%. 

3.1.3 Shping Buddies

Shping App users will have the option of inviting others to use the Shping App and 

adding them to their network as a “Shping Buddy”. Inviting and adding Shping Buddies 

will entitle users to earn bonus Shping Coins from Shping including the opportunity to 

receive additional Shping Coins on a monthly basis for each active Shping Buddy in their 

network. 

BRONZEBASIC SILVER GOLD PLATINUMBRONZEBASIC SILVER GOLD PLATINUMBRONZEBASIC SILVER GOLD PLATINUMBRONZEBASIC SILVER GOLD PLATINUMBRONZEBASIC SILVER GOLD PLATINUM

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



15

3.2  Features & benefits for brands

3.2.1 Shping Marketing Module 

The Shping Platform will provide brands and marketers with a new and highly targeted 

channel to send useful messages to consumers when they scan their product’s barcodes 

with the Shping App. It will also provide brands with access to valuable aggregate data 

about these consumers’ buying habits through the Shping Marketing Module. 

Shping Marketing is both a unicast and multicast communication platform for brands 

to program and automate messages to reach consumers at a granular level. Through 

this powerful channel, brands have access to a suite of useful features including:  

 → Direct-to-consumer communication - enabling brands to deliver messages to their 

consumers at critical stages of their buying journeys.

 → Consumer demographic and behavior analytics - offering an advanced analytics 

suite that provides brands and retailers with access to comprehensive consumer 

patterns and trends.

 → Targeted, personalized marketing - giving brands a powerful tool to market 

to consumers of their products, based on time, location and behavioural and 

demographic criteria provided by consumers.

 → A ready-made loyalty program - enabling brands to reward consumers in the form 

of Shping Coin for engaging with their products on the Shping Platform 

e.g. leaving reviews and engaging with information about the brand’s products.

 → Social media integration - allowing brands to encourage their consumers to 

subscribe and interact with their social media channels.

 → Rich automation marketing features - provides marketers with the ability to 

create and layer sequenced, highly relevant communications which are aligned 

to consumer’s behaviours and the brand’s understanding of their buying journey. 

These features include our own artificial intelligence interface, Shping Bot.  

3.2.2 Shping Security Module 

Another unique feature of the Shping Platform is that it provides brand owners the 

ability to activate powerful brand protection and security features.  Using a serialized 

global trade  item  number  (SGTIN),  and  a unique  datamatrix code, manufacturers 

will be able to identify and track each individual product through the Shping Platform. 

The Shping Security Module enables brands to physically track their products 

through their supply chain; with auditability and traceability from the point of 

manufacture to the point of sale, enabling brands to:

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



16

 → Track and Trace - enabling brands to track all electronic product code information 

information services (EPCIS) events, and track the product through its chain of custody.

 → Add to the Global Product Database - enables brands to store detailed information 

about their products in Shping’s database in order to make that data accessible to 

consumers and stakeholders who wish to access it.

 → Activate product authentication - allows customers to verify the authenticity 

of a product and confirm its location which in turn enables brands to identify 

anomalies in the supply chain .

 → Activate grey import monitoring - brands can be alerted to grey imports (also 

known as parallel imports) such as where products are being delivered to retail 

outlets through channels outside of a brand’s official distribution channels. 

 → Raw material traceability - enables manufacturers to track their stock of raw 

materials, and provide data structures linking the use of specific raw materials to 

their products, giving a granular understanding of a product’s composition.

 → Product recall management - enables brands to identify if a product has any 

components for which a recall has been issued and alert consumers if a given 

product is under recall as soon as they scan the product, or if they have scanned 

the product previously.

 → Activating warranties - enabling customers to register their product warranties 

within the Shping Platform. This feature also provides brands with fraud 

protection, as brands are able to limit warranties for grey-imports, for example. 

Shping also allows brands to sell extended warranties on the Shping Platform.

 → Activate traceability and serialisation to comply with new regulations - providing 

unprecedented visibility of the location of products in the supply chain, enabling 

brands to quickly pinpoint items down to the saleable unit and activate product 

recalls efficiently and proactively.  This is very useful for meeting food and 

pharmaceutical serialisation compliance protocols rolling out internationally.

 → Take advantage of traceability regulation - brands can use the new serialisation 

protocols to offer information about a product down to the saleable unit level 

meaning that promotions on specific products in certain locations, stock 

replenishment and recalls affecting small batches can be issued faster.  

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



17

3.3  Features & benefits for retailers

3.3.1 Shping Retail Module 

Shping Retail closes the loop between brands, the retail outlets who stock the 

brand’s products and the consumers who are buying these products at the retail 

outlets. This module will assist retailers to establish a direct channel with consumers 

who have scanned products in their stores, resulting in a cost-effective marketing 

tool that can be used to personalise and target marketing messages. The Shping 

Retail Module is currently in development and Shping plans to deliver the module by 

the end of the first quarter of 2018.

Through the Shping Retail Module, retailers will have the opportunity to access 

the Shping Platform to influence foot traffic to their stores, mobilise flash sales on 

certain products, drive ongoing interest, preference and loyalty for their outlets, and 

even offer augmented reality experiences to make the shopping experience more fun.

The following features are a small sample of what can be implemented for Shping 

retailers in the future.  Shping will enable retailers to:

 → Provide product information to consumers that is relevant to their store e.g to 

alert customers to a fresh shipment of a particular product. 

 → Incentivize customers to leave store reviews, purchase products or subscribe to a 

retailer’s digital channels to receive special offers.

 → Support consumers with in-store navigation to their favourite products

 → Learn more about their customers through an analytics suite.

 → Launch augmented reality (AR) style product promotions and gamify 

the shopping experience. 

 → Track products from the point of manufacture all the way through to placement 

at the store.

 → Confirm a product’s authenticity before they accept it into their warehouse 

or outlet.

 → Interact with brands to assist with their sales promotions. 

The Shping Retail Module will be developed with safeguards and transparent rules 

for participating retailers to ensure the system is respectful of consumers. For 

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



18

example, retailers will only be permitted to use the platform to communicate with 

customers about products that they have scanned with the Shping App and have 

been purchased in their retail store.  There will also be limitations on the amount of 

times a retailer is permitted to communicate with a single customer over a specific 

time period.

3.4  Features & benefits for the industry

A wide range of stakeholders from manufacturers to certification authorities and custom 

officials will benefit from the Shping Platform. These benefits include;

 → Auditing a product’s chain of custody through the supply chain.

 → Identifying instances where certifications may be misused or counterfeited.

 → Enabling product messages to be pushed to customers that promote or enhance the 

certifications (e.g Certified Organic Australian produce).

 → Incentivizing customers to purchase products, add reviews, or subscribe to other 

digital channels such as email lists or social media.

 → Meeting new compliance and industry regulations for traceability down to  the 

saleable unit, especially in regulated markets such as  food and pharmaceutical 

industries.

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



19

How Shping works

4.1  Building a Global Product Database.

The Shping Ecosystem is built on product information provided by a number of data 

sources including consumers, brands, retailers, manufacturers as well as government-

owned  and independent certification bodies and agents acting within the supply chain.  

Shping collects information from these sources into a continuously updated, distributed 

product database (the Global Product Database). Using the Shping App, anyone can scan 

a product’s  GS1-compliant barcode or datamatrix code to access the synthesized product 

information in the Global Product Database to help them make smarter and safer buying 

choices through the Shping App.  

Fig 4.1.1  Shping’s Global Product Database is continuously updated by trusted and
validated sources, including from the consumers themselves.

Our socially-engineered validation process ensures that trusted information will be 

continuously updated by brands, retailers and consumers, helping to make the world’s 

largest, Global Product Database trustworthy and accessible to all (see Fig 4.1.1.).  Shping 

supports all GS1  product identifiers, barcodes and datamatrix codes.

CHAPTER 4.0

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



20

A common form of Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) is the code printed at the bottom 

of a traditional EAN barcode.  Developed by GS1, GTINs identify tradeable items. These 

GTIN identifiers are used to look up product information in a database, usually through 

carrying out a barcode scan.  The unique nature and universality of GTINs make them 

useful in establishing  corresponding links between product listed in disparate databases.

Serialized global trade item numbers (SGTIN) are uniquely applied codes, usually in the 

form of a datamatrix code, and are typically used by manufacturers to help identify and 

track individual units.  Unlike GTINs, SGTINs are only applied to an individual item rather 

than all items of the same type of product. 

SGTIN codes are expected to become a more prolific feature of products in the future 

as traceability compliance regulation is enforced in countries around the world.  Shping 

offers serialisation for manufacturers to meet traceability compliance as part of its Shping 

Security offering (see page 15). 

The Shping database architecture uses GTIN as the key index to allow it to link to other 

product-related data including SGTIN data.  By scanning GTIN and SGTIN barcodes, Shping 

users can reveal valuable information about products to help them feel safer about their 

product choices  (see figure 4.1.2). 

Fig 4.1.2  Shping links information from GTIN barcodes and SGTIN datamatrix to
provide Shping users with access to a rich array of product information, which is 

accessible through the Shping Platform. 

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



21

4.2  Blockchain Integration

The Shping Platform is powered by  Ethereum smart contracts, a next generation 

blockchain protocol, and manages product traceability on the back of hyperledger and 

GS1 standards. Shping combines the GS1 EPCIS standards (https://www.gs1.org/epcis) with 

powerful blockchain technology.  Shping has also partnered with Everledger to help create  

a private blockchain based on the Hyperledger Fabric (https://www.hyperledger.org) to 

play the role of a register for EPCIS events, allowing information to be exchanged quickly 

and securely such as the serialization of products, items movement through the supply 

chain, sales, and product recall alerts. All brands, distributors and retailers can become 

a member of this network, start their nodes and use EPC Codechain.  Shping’s blockchain 

integration agent will provide blockchain information to consumers and third parties via 

EPCIS SOAP service.

Fig 4.2.1  Shping Architecture
NB: Figure 4.2.1 show’s Shping’s architecture. Everything contained within the lower-shaded area is a work in progress 
i.e Everledger integration. The information contained in the top-right shaded area is part of our future plan i.e 
integration with more certification organisations.

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



22

4.3  Trusted Data Sources

Shping has a number of data sources that feed into its Global Product Database, which 

Shping aims to use to develop a unique, trusted and reliable source of valuable infor-

mation. 

4.3.1 Data from Brands and their Supply Chain

The dataset collected from brands and their supply chain may include a product’s 

point of origin, as well as records pertaining to the chain of ownership throughout 

the supply chain, shipping and consignment details. It may also include information 

on the raw materials contained in the product, information on how the product was 

handled to the point of sale and even temperature logs. Through the Shping Security 

Module, brands can track, audit and trace their products through their supply chain 

from the point of manufacture to the point of sale.  This data can also be of use 

to manufacturers, retailers and consumers to ensure that a product has met the 

requisite conditions and has been authenticated throughout the supply chain to 

ensure that the product in front of them is genuine. Finally, this data source also 

includes information created by brands and added to the Global Product Database 

for consumers to discover when they scan products with their Shping App. This data 

may include product fact sheets, marketing messages, product promotions, videos, 

warranty details and more (see Shping Marketing Module on page 15).  

4.3.2 Data from GS1 Local Members

Shping has set up partnerships with GS1 in Australia, Singapore, Russia, Malta and 

Azerbaijan with more negotiations in progress. GS1 is a global, independent, non-profit 

organisation responsible for the development and upkeep of supply chain standards 

that enable organisations to store, transfer and  exchange data and information 

smoothly and universally.  Its most well-known standard is the barcode which was 

introduced in 1974 and has revolutionized data and supply chain management across 

the retail, healthcare, transport and logistics industries. GS1 tools help organisations 

exchange critical data - from manufacturing all the way to the point of purchase - 

creating a common language that underpins systems and processes all over the world.  

At the core of GS1’s trusted data is the National Product Catalogue, GS1’s renowned 

product and item data synchronisation service. Since 2000, the National Product 

Catalogue has been used by thousands of organisations, now including Shping. 

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



23

4.3.3 Data from Certification Authorities

Certification Authorities are recognized accrediting bodies that can validate, 

audit, confirm and award endorsements to brands and products that meet the 

requirements of a particular standard. Common certifications include those that 

represent safety standards, ingredient standards, sourcing and manufacturing 

standards. 

4.3.4 Shping has partnered with:

 → Australian Certified Organic (Australia’s largest organic certification body)

 → AsureQuality (owned by the New Zealand Government)

 → The National Farmer’s Federation (Australia)

 → Rosselkhoznadzor (Russian Federal Service for Veterinary and Phytosanitary 

Surveillance

 → The Asia Food Safety Zone in Changchun (China).

Shping is currently in negotiations with more authorities around the globe. Shping’s 

partnership with Certification Authorities enable it to integrate certified data and 

test results about millions of different products, and links these to the product’s 

GTIN in order to make this information accessible on the Shping App and Platform. 

4.3.5 Data from Recall Portals

Shping sources information from official Product Recall authorities from around the 

world to distribute product recall notices for products with specific batch numbers 

through the Shping Platform. The Shping App instantly notifies users who are 

scanning or who have recently scanned a product that is the subject of a product 

recall. This provides a fast way to prevent more purchases of the defective product 

from occurring and aids in the rapid return of products to the point of purchase for a 

refund, exchange or service.

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



24

4.3.6 Crowdsourced Data

Shping incentivizes users to create and verify product information, product location 

and the appeal of products in their possession, using the Shping App by rewarding 

them with Shping Coins.

Additionally, every time a Shping App consumer scans a barcode which does not yet 

appear in the database or, finds a discrepancy in the product information, consumers 

will earn bonus Shping Coins helping to further add a layer of trust and verification 

of data to the Global Product Database.

Shping App users can also contribute product reviews and rate products through 

the Shping App, adding another layer of useful, real-world experience to the data 

available on the Global Product Database for other users to access.  

As users will have the ability to write product information to the Global Product 

Database, Shping will implement a verification system to ensure that the information 

supplied is genuine.   In cooperation with brands, manufacturers and other users, 

Shping will collaborate to safeguard and verify the information contained in the 

database in a similar method to how Wikipedia works. Users who have demonstrated 

honest behavior will be assigned a higher degree of credibility, potentially allowing 

them to increase their Shping Status and earn more tokens per contribution. For 

more information, please see the Shping Status section on page 13.

4.3.7 Government Data

Shping has entered a partnership with IPM - the system used by the WCO (World 

Custom Organization) which enables customs officers to access records pertaining to 

the full chain of custody of a product. Customs Officers can use the Shping Platform 

to validate if the sender and receiver of the consignment note matches the track and 

trace data store, thereby speeding up the clearance for the brand. 

Shping has integrated with CIQ (China Inspection and Quarantine) to provide a system 

of information on the shipment of food products in China where temperature logs, 

chain of custody information,  test results and other documentation are required.

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



25

4.3.8 Data from Everledger 

As set out in section 4.2, Shping has partnered with Everledger,  a London-based 

company that uses blockchain, smart contracts and machine vision to assist in the 

reduction of risk and fraud for banks and insurers. Everledger has also created a 

global, digital ledger that tracks, protects and stores the provenance of valuable 

assets.

Everledger is best known for enabling diamond suppliers, border agents and other 

intermediaries to replace the paper process of certification with blockchain ledger. 

To date, Everledger has placed more than 1.6 millions diamonds on a blockchain. 

The company is also moving into luxury goods, wine and other industries where 

provenance holds  great importance. The partnerships enables Shping to publish 

data from the state of the art blockchain network built by Everledger (see fig 4.3.8).    

Shping App users are then able to use the app to verify the provenance, characteri-

stics and authenticity of the many products recorded in the Everledger Hyperledger 

Blockchain.

IOTData Sources

Data Types

Product Layer

Blockchain Type

Server

Encryption Services

Client Private Subchain EVL High Security Blockchain

Shping Sensitive Data

DatabasesWeb services Other

Everledger Network Data

HSBN AWS Other

Fig 4.3.8  How Shping integrates with the Everledger Hyperledger
Blockchain

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



26

4.4  Marketing & Consumer Incentive System

Shping’s goal is to promote engagement between data sources so that users can access all 

of the useful product information from a single interface in order to help them make safer 

and smarter product choices. To encourage this engagement, Shping is introducing an 

ERC20 compliant, Ethereum-based, smart contract currency called Shping Coin. The Shping 

Coin will be created and distributed by Shping Pty Ltd (Shping Co), and will be integrated 

within the Shping Platform through an agreement between Authenticateit and Shping Co.  

Shping Coins are the reward that Shping App users may earn by scanning product barcodes 

and connected datamatrix codes on products in order to access this rich product data 

source. Shping Coins will be awarded to Shping App Users by brands, retailers, authorised 

associated organisations and Shping itself from their own Shping Coin reserves.

It pays to shop smart

As the Shping App accesses a Global Product Database which is continuously being 

enhanced by our data sources, users will undoubtedly discover the benefits of the Shping 

App as a mobile search engine of products.  Shping Coins simply accelerates usage and 

adoption of the Shping App by rewarding consumers  for certain actions. 

Users can earn Shping Coins through the Shping App in a number of ways, including:

 → Scanning or entering barcodes or serial numbers through the Shping App

 → Registering as new users

 → Rating products

 → Reviewing products (with text, video or photos) 

 → Viewing product information, photo galleries, videos and advertisements

 → Completing missing information in the Global Product Database

 → Adding new products and information to the Global Product Database

 → Interacting with brands and retailers through the Shping App

 → Subscribing to brand’s social media accounts  e.g Facebook, Twitter and Instagram

 → Registering products or activating warranties.

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



27

Earning Shping Coins will be subject to the terms and conditions of use of the Shping App, 

and brands’ use of the Shping Marketing module.

All business-to-consumer transactions through the 
Shping Marketing module will be conducted using Shping 
Coin. 

Brand owners, retailers and other authorised system participants can incentivize Shping 

App users with Shping Coins to view their product information  

Brands and retailers will be able to give Shping Coins as rewards for consumers who 

complete product-specific actions, thereby creating a powerful combined marketing and 

incentive tool. Brands can use Shping Coins to incentivize customers to engage, take 

actions, or simply integrate Shping Coin as part of an in-built loyalty program. This reward 

model incentivizes users to interact with brands and continually redeem and spend Shping 

Coin where appropriate.

This means that brands, retailers and authorised participants  who wish to use the 

platform to promote to Shping App users pre and post-purchase, will be required to have a 

sufficient balance of Shping Coins in their digital wallets in order to reward Shping App users.  

Shping Coins will be used to encourage Shping App 
downloads, activation and adoption.

Until Shping reaches a critical mass in both our client and user base, in the early stages, 

Shping will be using a reserve of Shping Coins to incentivize Shping App users to scan 

products, rate products, upload reviews and complete other desirable actions (the Shping 

App incentive Reserve). This is to ensure we create a consistently rewarding  experience for 

the consumer from the outset, and encourage usage while more brands and participating 

parties are onboarded. Shping Coins can be easily stored in any ERC20 compliant digital 

wallets and can be transferred and traded in a manner similar to any other digital 

currency.

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



28

The Shping Coin Economy

Shping Coins will be used by brands, certification authorities and retailers to incentivize 

Shping App users to engage with product information and participate in other pre and 

post-purchase activities through the App. 

Fig 5.1  The Shping Coin Economy

NB: This diagram is for the purpose of detailing the potential interactions and flow of Shping Coins through various users. Actual 
movement of Shping Coins will depend on a number of factors, including brand and user uptake. Shping makes no  representations that 
any of the users described will accept Shping Coins, that there will be any market or liquidity for the Shping Coins, or that any user will 
realise any benefit or gain from trading, exchanging or using Shping Coins. Neither Authenticateit nor Shping Co makes any warranties 
whether the Shping Coin may be listed on any cryptocurrency exchange.

Shping Co will initially allocate 42% of the total pool of Shping Coins (the Shping App 

Incentive Reserve) for use by Authenticateit to incentivize users and to fuel the growth and 

performance of the Shping Platform (e.g by scanning and validating product 

information and adding valued details about products that are not found in the Global 

Product Database). Shping Coins that are unsold during the Token Sale will also be added 

to the Shping App Incentive Reserve. 

CHAPTER 5.0

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



29

Shping Coin information for Token Buyers

→ Shping Coins will be sold by Shping Co during the Token Sale.

→ Shping Coin is an ERC20 compliant cryptocurrency

→ Token Buyers will have the option to receive Shping Coins in their token wallet as soon

as the transaction containing their purchase is confirmed. However, they will not be able

to send their Shping Coins to any other ERC20 compliant wallet until the T oken Sale

process is complete.

→ Token Buyers could also start using tokens on the Shping Platform e .g as a brand using

the Shping Marketing Module as a customer.

→ Upon completion of the Token Sale Token Buyers may transfer Shping Coins from their

wallets to other addresses.

→ If a Token Buyer is also a brand owner, they will be able to use their acquired Shping
Coins to run campaigns through the Shping Marketing Module right away

→ Please note: USA, China and New Zealand residents are excluded from purchasing
Shping Coins during the Token Sale.

Bonus Structure for Token Buyers during the Token Pre Sale

The Token PreSale will commence at midnight on 22nd January 2018 and conclude at 

23.59pm on 31 January 2018, Central Eastern Time (CET). 

All Token Buyers purchasing Shping Coin during the period of the Token Presale will receive a 

bonus 40% in Shping Coins, free of charge. For example, a Token Buyer wishing to purchase 

500,000 Shping Coins during the Token Presale of the Token Sale will receive a bonus of 

200,000 Shping Coins for a total of 700,000 Shping Coins. The Minimum Token Purchase 

required during the Token Presale is 300,000 Shping Coins. There will also be a Presale 

hardcap of $USD 3 million.

Bonuses for Token Buyers during the Token Crowdsale

The Token Crowdsale will commence at midnight on 22nd February 2018 and will conclude 

at 23.59pm on 23rd March 2018, Central European Time (CET). 

Token Buyers who meet one of the following conditions listed in table 5.1.2 during 

the period of the Token Crowdsale will be eligible to receive Bonus Shping Coins and/or 

Shping Platinum Status for Life. 

Platinum Status users of the Shping App receive a multiplier effect as rewards for standard 

interactions (see table 3.1.2 on page 13).  Platinum Status for Life is an exclusive privilege 

that will only be ever by offered during the Token Crowdsale. 

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018



30

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.3 - JAN 2018

Minimum Token(s) 
Purchase(d) 

Not available

150,000

250,000

100,000

200,000

1,000

1,000

1,000

1,000

1,000

Bonus Shping
Coins Awarded

Bonus Shping Coins are calculated as a percentage of the tokens purchased for the 

designated Period of the Token Crowdsale, and are awarded free of charge. For example, a 

Token Buyer wishing to purchase 100,000 Shping Coins on Day 1 of the Token Crowdsale 

will receive a bonus of 20,000 Shping Coins for a total of 120,000 SHPING.

IMPORTANT UPDATE TO THE WHITEPAPER (as at 15 February 2018):  
 Introducing the "Million+Tier Bonus". 

Purchasers who 

a) have acquired 1 million or more Shping Coins at the time of transaction or;

b) will acquire over or above 1 million Shping Coins with a transaction

(excluding any eligible bonuses that will result from the transaction)

will be eligible for a 25% bonus and Platinum Status for Life (a combination known as the 

Million+ Tier Bonus), on the condition that these new purchased and bonus tokens will 

be locked for 6 months from the conclusion of the Token Sale. 

Purchasers during the presale who feel affected by this change can email the Shping 

support team at tokensale@shping.com to arrange a refund or they can purchase more 

Shping Coins to upgrade to the Million+ Tier Bonus if they wish. 

TABLE 5.1.2: BONUSES FOR TOKEN BUYERS DURING THE TOKEN CROWDSALE

Minimum purchase for 
Shping Platinum Status 

for Life Bonus 

PERIOD OF THE CROWDSALE: 
(all times quoted in Central European Time)

DAY 1
0.00am - 23.59pm  22 February 2018 (CET)

DAY 9-15
0.00am 02 March 2018 until
23.59pm 08 March 2018 (CET)

DAY 23 - 30
0.00am 16 March 2018 until  
23.59pm 23 March 2018 (CET)

DAY 2-8
0.00am 23 February 2018 until 
23.59pm 01 March 2018 (CET)

DAY 16-22
0.00am 09 March 2018 until 
23.59pm 15 March 2018 (CET)

+20%

+10%

+15%

+5%

MILLION+ TIER BONUS
0.00am 22 February 2018 until 23.59pm 
23 March 2018 (CET)

1,000,000*NEW! +25%Included

Vesting Period

6 months

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/ANot Available

*The Million+ Tier Bonus is offered to purchasers who have acquired 1 million Shping Coins at the time
of transaction or purchasers topping up their existing Shping Coin balances to meet or exceed the
1,000,000 Shping Coin eligibility threshold (not including any bonuses to be awarded on that purchase).

For example, If a purchaser has 420,000 SHPING, they could purchase a further 580,000 SHPING to be 
eligible for the Million+ Tier Bonus with a 6 month vesting period on these newly acquired coins. The 
purchaser will then receive Platinum Status for Life and a 25% bonus on top of their 580,000 purchased 
SHPING for a total of 1,145,000 SHPING  (725,000 of which will be locked for 6 months from the end of 
the Token Sale).  



31

 → Brands can then offer Shping Coins as incentives for Shping App users (consumers) to 

engage with marketing messages, activations and promotions. 

 → The Shping Platform tracks each campaign and makes a record of the Shping Coins 

earned and owed to Shping App users for participating in campaigns. 

 → As the Shping Coin is an ERC20 Ethereum token, any transaction or transfer of Shping 

Coins involves verifying blocks of the blockchain. As such, this incurs a transaction on 

the Ethereum network (Ethereum Transaction Fee). Users are required to cover the cost 

of Ethereum Transaction Fees for transferring Shping Coins to their digital wallets. 

To mitigate this, instead of brands depositing Shping Coins directly into individual 

recipient’s digital wallets, a Shping Transit Account will be created to minimise the 

incremental cost of these micropayments.

 →  As customers will be able to transfer Shping Coins to their Digital Wallet at any 

time, they have the choice to ration the amount of times they choose to perform the 

transfer in order to minimise Ethereum Transaction Fees.

 → At the end of each calendar month, Shping will debit the brand’s accounts for the 

amount of committed Shping Coins and store these amounts in the Shping 

Transit Account. 

Shping Coin information for Shping App Users

 → The Shping App will show its users the amount of Shping Coins they have earned and 

are owed and will allow them to transfer their Shping Coins from the Transit Account 

to their own digital wallets at any time at the cost of an Ethereum Transaction Fee.

 → By allowing users to choose when to transfer volumes of Shping Coins to their digital 

wallets, users can choose to ration the amount of times they transfer, therefore 

minimising the Ethereum Transaction Fees they are required to pay.

5.1  Structure of Distribution

Shping Co nor Authenticateit will never create additional Shping Coins outside of the 

initial Token Sale and distribution.

→ Brands can purchase Shping Coins from Shping Co during the Token Sale. Once the

Token Sale is complete, brands may be able to purchase Shping Coins from third parties
who make them available for sale. Neither Authenticateit nor Shping Co makes any
warranties as to whether the Shping Coin may be listed on any cryptocurrency exchange.

Shping Coin information for Brands

→ As brands will require Shping Coins to activate campaigns through Shping, brands will

nominate and link a digital wallet containing a sufficient balance of Shping Coins to

the Shping Marketing Module to commence their campaigns.

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



32

Shping App Incentive Reserve.  Shping Co will initially hold 42% of Shping Coins 
to use for Authenticateit to incentivize the expansion and adoption of the Shping 

App amongst users. Shping Coins that are unsold during the Token Sale will also be 

added to the Shping App Incentive Reserve.

10,000,000,000

50%

5%

42%

31 January 2018 23.59pm CET

USD 0.01

1%

2%

22 January 2018 00:00am CET

23 March 2018 23:59pm CET

22nd February 2018 00:00am CET

BTC, ETH, ETC, LTC, DASH, ZEC, AUD & USD

Token supply

Purchasers

Advisers

Shping App Incentive Reserve

Date Token Pre Sale Ends

Initial rate

Bounties

Shping Team

Date Token Pre Sale Begins

Date Token Crowdsale Ends

Date Token Crowdsale Begins

Currencies Accepted  
During Token Sale

TOKEN SALE STRUCTURE

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

Please note: USA, China and New Zealand residents are excluded from purchasing Shping Coins during the Shping Token Sale. 

Vesting Period for Tokens supplied to Shping Team & Advisers.  
The Shping Team and Advisers will receive their tokens in six (6) equal instalments 

over a period of three (3) years. 

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



33

Shping’s Current 
and Future Plan

6.1  Current Snapshot

The latest version of the Shping Platform is operational. It was launched in public beta on 

the 30th June, 2017.

Shping is already generating revenue. Since it was founded in 2012, Shping Platform (www.

shping.com) has evolved from the Authenticateit (www.authenticateit.com) and currently 

has 24 brand partners. (http://authenticateit.com/partners/). 

Approximately 50,000 users have downloaded our initial iteration of the App (Authenticateit). 

A marketing campaign to recruit Shping App users has been commissioned and is ready to 

be activated with proceeds from the Shping Coin Token Sale.

Shping has offices in 4 major countries. It is headquartered in Melbourne, Australia and 

has three international offices in Singapore, Beijing (China), and Moscow (Russia). Each 

office participates in regional business development, educational seminars, onboarding 

participating businesses,  local promotion, and marketing. Shping currently employs 14 

people, including 7 developers.

Shping has strategic alliances with a number of global partners:

 → GS1: Australia, Singapore, Russia, Malta, Azerbaijan, Australia 

 → Certification bodies: Australian Certified Organic, AsureQuality

 → Institutional bodies: National Farmer`s Federation, WCO (World Custom Organization) 

CIQ (China Inspection and Quarantine), Rosselkhoznadzor (Russian Federal Service 

for Veterinary and Phytosanitary Surveillance) and the Asia Food Safety Zone in 

Changchun (China)

CHAPTER 6.0

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



34

6.2  Shping Milestone plan

Shping have laid out a roadmap that proposes each milestone of funding, and what 

Shping aims to accomplish with those funds. Each of Shping’s milestones builds upon the 

opportunities offered by the previous milestone. The milestone plan sets out Shping’s 

indicative goals and targets only. Shping does not promise to fulfil any or all of the actions 

detailed in this section.

While simultaneous deployment of cash and resources is possible, Shping believes that a 

planned and structured expansion strategy is the best way to achieve optimal expansion. 

Every incremental step provides more resources and structure for Shping, in order to 

provide the best user experience possible. The achievement of phases listed below are 

contingent on the amount received in the Token Sale. For example, if the amount sold in 

Phase 3 is received, Shping is expected to complete the scope of work indicated within the 

timeframes to undertake these activities in addition to the two preceding phases.

Fig 6.2.1  Shping’s projected office expansion by 2019.

Shping will need to be physically present in many territories to provide ground-level 

support for Shping customers. Currently, Shping has offices in Australia, Singapore, China, 

and Russia. Through the Token Sale, Shping’s aim is to expand to India, Japan, the United 

States, France, Germany, and the United Kingdom and other countries in accordance with 

Shping’s strategic plan.

PARIS FRANKFURT

LONDON

MOSCOW

BEIJING

NEW DELHI

SINGAPORE

MELBOURNE

SAN FRANCISCO
TOKYO

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



35

Geographic Focus:
Australia, New Zealand, China, Korea, Singapore, 
Russia and India.

Geographic Focus:
Australia, New Zealand, China, & Singapore.

Estimated Time to Implement
3-12 months.

Scope of Work

 → Continued business development in the regions.

 → Continued development of Shping App.

 → Continued development of our Global Product Database.

 → Continued marketing to encourage Shping App downloads.

 → Creation and implementation of Shping Coin system (including App 

integration with ERC20 wallets).

 → Development of Shping store partnership and payments system (payment 

transfer engine) – API for accepting Shping Coin as a form of payment.

 → Shping contribution verification module which will allow Shping to verify 

the authenticity of data being entered into the Global Product Database.

 → Enable Shping Marketing users to deliver Shping Coins to App users for 

their engagement.

Scope of Work

 → Continued business development in the regions.

 → Establishment of physical operation in India.

 → Development of the Shping Retail Module.

 → Introduction of features including a product locator

 → Product reviews and ratings integration.

 → Development of in-store navigation feature.

Amount sold
USD 5,000,000.

Amount sold
USD 3,000,000.

Target Number of Shping Users
5,000,000.

2

1

Phase 

Phase 

Estimated Time to Implement
3-6 months.

Target Number of Shping Users
1,000,000.

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



36

Phase 

Phase 

Geographic Focus:
Australia, New Zealand, China, Singapore, Russia, 
India, United Kingdom, United States of America, 
France and Germany..

Geographic Focus:
Australia, New Zealand, China, & Singapore, Russia, 
India, United Kingdom, United States 
of America, France, Germany plus rest of Europe, 
Japan, & Middle East & North Africa (MENA).

Estimated Time to Implement
12-18 months.

Estimated Time to Implement
12-18 months.

Scope of Work

 → Establishment of physical operations in the regions.

 → Development of the Shping blockchain-based ledger.

 → Integration of online payment providers with the Shping App.

 → Development of augmented reality marketing features.

 → Serialization Assembling & Assignment Solution (SAA) – a turnkey 

solution that includes software and hardware to enable manufacturers 

to start serialization of their production.

Scope of Work

 → Establishment of physical operations in the regions.

 → Development of instant checkout through the app.

 → Development of a Shping Coin branded payment card.

 → Development of traceability features for hotels, restaurants, and  cafes 

(HORECA) so users can identify what products their meal is made of, see 

relevant nutritional information, and provide reviews and ratings.

Amount sold
USD 7,000,000.

Amount sold
USD 15,000,000.

Target Number of Shping Users
20,000,000.

Target Number of Shping Users
50,000,000.

3

4

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



37

Phase 

Geographic Focus:
Australia, New Zealand, China, Singapore, Russia, 
India, United Kingdom, United States of America, 
France, Germany, rest of Europe, Japan, Middle East 
& North Africa (MENA), South America, South Asia.

Estimated Time to Implement
12-24 months.

Scope of Work

 → Establishment of physical operations in the regions.

 → Development of the Shping trade finance module.

 → Development of data analytics to identify sources of surplus/deficit/waste 

in product distribution and find rerouting opportunities.

 → Establishment of an industry-specific Startup Accelerator - Shping will 

select and develop startups that specialize in digital marketing, consumer 

engagement, supply chain management, the payments industry, and any 

others that focus on enhancing the shopping experience.

Amount sold
USD 50,000,000.

Target Number of Shping Users
100,000,000.

5

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



38

6.3  Expansion Roadmap

Currently, Shping has four international offices in Melbourne, Singapore, Beijing and 

Moscow. Assuming that the Token Sale is successful, Shping has planned its operational 

expansion into the following territories:

We expect that the scalability of operations should be quite smooth due to our strategy 

relying on unique sources of information to populate our product database (see page 19). 

With differentiated sources of product information, Shping will have access to millions of 

individual information providers.

Q1 2018

Q1 2018

Q1 2019

Q3 2018

Q4 2019

Q1 2018

Q1 2018

Q4 2018

Q1 2019

Q1 2020

New Delhi, India

San Francisco, USA

To Be Determined, rest of Europe

Paris, France

To Be Determined, South America

London, United Kingdom

Frankfurt, Germany

Tokyo, Japan

To Be Determined, MENA

To Be Determined, Southeast Asia

LOCATION ANTICIPATED DATE

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



39

6.4  Development Roadmap

Shping’s application development roadmap is as follows:

Q3 2017

Q1 2018

Q3 2018

Q3 2018

Q4 2018

Q4 2017

Q2 2018

Q3 2018

Q4 2018

Q4 2018

Q1 2019

Product Database

Retail Module

Snap Checkout

Online Payment Integration

Shping Coin Marketplace

Shping Coin

Blockchain Ledger

In-store Navigation

Shping Branded Payment Cards

Trade Finance

Startup accelerator

PRODUCT FEATURE ANTICIPATED DATE OF ROLLOUT

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



40

Monetisation Model 

The Shping App will be free for consumers to download and use. Brands, manufacturers, 

retailers, certification bodies and authorities will be charged licensing, setup and 

maintenance fees to adopt and integrate Shping’s modules, which will be proportionate 

to the extent of the work required to onboard them onto the Shping Platform and provide 

any customisations required.   

Shping will also charge participants for access to features  (see rate card below).

CHAPTER 7.0

SHPING SERIALISATION

Production Tier

50,000

200,000

1,000,000

1,500,000

3,500,000

10,000,000

20,000,000

50,000,000

100,000,000

300,000,000

Min SGTIN*/Month

4,167

16,667

83,333

125,000

291,667

833,333

1,666,667

4,166,667

8,333,333

25,000,000

Fee per SGTIN ($USD)

0. 593

0.0395

0.0158

0.0138

0.0079

0.00 04

0.0028

00.002

160.00

0.0008

Min Cost/ Month ($USD)

$246.88

$658.33

$1,366.66

1 .$ ,728 13

.$2,304 17

$3,291.67

$4,608.33

$8,229.17

$13,166.67

$19, .00750

Setup ($USD) Monthly ($USD)

$39.50

$ 422.00 $ 18.50

Add On

Authentication Reporting 

$355.50 $ 06.50

shping.com/marketing

GTIN

Product Catalogue

Availability Map

Engagement Analytics

Reviews

Shout Outs

Shping Bot

Rewards

Advanced Engagement (TODO Cards)

Ingredients and Raw Materials

Light Complete Complete+ CorporateBasic

Free

Any

$75
USD per month

1-500

$154
USD per month

1-500

$312
USD per month

501-3000

$470
USD per month

3001+

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



41

SHPING SERIALISATION

Production Tier

50,000

200,000

1,000,000

1,500,000

3,500,000

10,000,000

20,000,000

50,000,000

100,000,000

300,000,000

Min SGTIN*/Month

4,167

16,667

83,333

125,000

291,667

833,333

1,666,667

4,166,667

8,333,333

25,000,000

Fee per SGTIN ($USD)

0. 593

0.0395

0.0158

0.0138

0.0079

0.00 04

0.0028

00.002

160.00

0.0008

Min Cost/ Month ($USD)

$246.88

$658.33

$1,366.66

1 .$ ,728 13

.$2,304 17

$3,291.67

$4,608.33

$8,229.17

$13,166.67

$19, .00750

Setup ($USD) Monthly ($USD)

$39.50

$ 422.00 $ 18.50

Add On

Authentication Reporting

$355.50 $ 06.50

shping.com/marketing

GTIN

Product Catalogue

Availability Map

Engagement Analytics

Reviews

Shout Outs

Shping Bot

Rewards

Advanced Engagement (TODO Cards)

Ingredients and Raw Materials

Light Complete Complete+ CorporateBasic

Free

Any

$75
USD per month

1-500

$154
USD per month

1-500

$312
USD per month

501-3000

$470
USD per month

3001+

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



42

The Shping team

8.1  Executive Officers

CHAPTER 8.0

Gennady Volchek 
Chief Executive Officer & Founder 

Mr Volchek is a charismatic and energetic serial 
entrepreneur. He has successfully built and sold a 
number of businesses in Australia and was the founder 
of My Telecom - a pioneer in VoIP and Ethernet to Home 
services in Australia. Mr Volchek founded Shping in 2012 
and is fully focused on Shping’s day-to-day operations 
while he serves the company as CEO.

Andrei Kucherov 
Chief Technology Officer

Mr Kucherov has over 15 years of experience as a 
software developer. He is an accomplished software 
engineer and team leader. Mr Kucherov has been with 
Shping since it was first founded. He serves as the 
company’s CTO and is responsible for creating and 
maintaining the entirety of the Shping Platform.

Tony Lee 
Chief Marketing Officer

Mr Lee has over 20 years of experience leading high-
performance teams as a marketing and strategy director 
specialising in advertising, innovation, digital and brand 
consulting across multiple industry verticals. A new 
media, blockchain and cryptocurrency enthusiast, he 
serves as the company’s CMO and has been consulting 
with Shping since 2013.

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



43

Maria McInally 
Customer Service/ Account Manager 

Ms McInally has been a dedicated member of the Shping 
team for over 3 years  and manages Shping’s customer 
service team, as well as overseeing the onboarding, 
training and needs of Shping’s clients.

Nurul Huda Ab Hamid 
ASEAN Corporate Sales Manager, 
Shping Singapore Office 

Ms. Nurul is a highly-driven and accomplished business 
development professional with 12 years experience 
across the region including client project delivery in 
Malaysia, Brunei and Thailand. From the Shping offices in 
Singapore she leads business development throughout 
the ASEAN region  working closely with government bo-
dies and organisational partners and clients.

Sasha Xie 
Business Development Manager, China 

Ms. Xie is a highly-motivated, efficient and reliable 
professional, with experience working in marketing 
and supervision role including for the Midea Group 
in  Zhongshan.  She is the BDM of Shping in China and 
is responsible for marketing and coordinating Shping 
business activities in the region and liaising with 
Shping’s head office in Australia. 

8.2  Management team

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



44

Evgeny Markelov 
Chief Executive Officer, Shping Moscow Office 

Mr Markelov has more than 20 years of experience in 
senior positions in IT and financial enterprises including 
more than 10 years as a CEO. He has experience in 
starting a business from scratch and bringing it to a 
profit. Mr Markelov has performed business planning, 
organized operating activities, constructed systems of 
accounting and reporting, and tax optimization and has 
experience in business sales with a value of over USD $25 
million. He has diplomas in Higher School of Economics, 
Financial Academy, and a Master of Business 
Administration.

Evgeniy Srednyakov
Partner & Client Service Director, 
Shping Moscow Office 

Evgeniy is a passionate leader, author of ideas of many 
projects, a professional in the architecture of corporate 
management systems for any size of the company, an 
expert in the field of logistics and cross-enterprise 
supply chain management, technology, and standards 
of traceability. He handles business development, 
infrastructure scale projects, interacting with key clients 
and state regulatory agencies. 

Absan Abdulhafedh
Community Manager

Absan is a software support consultant who enjoys 
working in dynamic, people-focused and results-oriented 
workplaces. He has vast knowledge and experience 
working with ICO communities, especially through 
Telegram. He has recently joined Shping as a Community 
Manager where he supports enquiries and requests with 
precision, sensitivity and diligence.

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018

https://www.linkedin.com/in/absan-abdulhafedh-07480b33/


45

John Wesley Salvador 
Senior Developer 

Mr Salvador is a passionate software developer and 
a code junkie who loves learning about new web 
technologies. He has vast web developer experience in 
the airline industry and is now working as a software 
developer at Shping.

Anton Jabchinskij 
Erlang Developer 

Mr Jabchinskij is a backend developer at Shping. He has 
many years of experience in many fields, but has always 
enjoyed applying functional programming to real world 
problems building APIs and services.

8.3  Development team

Christine Rianne 
Head of Product Recall Data Excellence 

Ms Rianne  has been with Shping since 2014. As head of 
the Product Recall Data Excellence team her role is to 
deal with different authorities in various jurisdictions 
collecting, verifying and adopting product recall data to 
facilitate protection of Shping App users. Ms Rianne is 
the main point of contact for any company going through 
the product recall exercise. A Market Researcher by 
trade, she holds a BA in Communication Research from 
the University of the Philippines.

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



46

Ivan Vasliev 
Erlang Developer 

Mr Vasliev is a skilled software engineer in the telecom 
and web industry who designs and develops complicated 
and ambitious projects from the ground up.

Kirill Lyubimov 
Mobile Developer 

Mr Lyubimov has been working as a software developer 
for more than 5 years. He also has over 3 years of deep 
experience in mobile development.

Dmitry Moryashov 
DevOps Engineeer 

Mr Dmitry Moryashov is an experienced DevOps 
Engineer involved in software construction, deployment 
operations and the infrastructure management of 
Shping.

Maria Arshava 
QA Manager 

Ms Arshava  is a business analyst and QA manager with 
more than seven years of experience. She joined Shping 
in 2014 and has been involved with a variety of the 
company’s activities from mobile and web testing to 
writing specifications, user guides, and training

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



47

8.4  Non Executive Advisory Board

Members of the Advisory Board will be re-elected or appointed on an annual basis at 

the shareholder’s year-end meeting. At a minimum, the Advisory Board will convene 

on a quarterly basis to provide industry insights and suggestions to Shping’s senior 

management and Executive Board. 

Prof. Jorij Abraham 
Managing Director Ecommerce Foundation

Lukas Sieber 
Executive Director North America, Greater Zurich Area (GZA)

Jorij Abraham has been part of the international eCommerce community since 1997. 
He has held positions as Manager e-Commerce at Bijenkorf (an upmarket department 
store chain) and TUI (Europe’s largest travel organization), an online publisher at 
Sanoma Media (the largest media company in the Benelux Union) and the Director of 
Consulting at Unic (an e-commerce strategy and implementation firm with branches 
across Europe). Mr. Abraham is also the founder of  two companies, eVentures Europe 
and vZine. From 2013 – 2017, Mr. Abraham has been the Director of Research & Advice at 
Thuiswinkel.org (the Dutch Ecommerce Association) and Ecommerce Europe (the 25,000 
member strong European Ecommerce Association with branches in 20 countries). Today, 
Mr Abraham is Managing Director of the Ecommerce Foundation, a research institute 
offering practical ecommerce research for 50+ Ecommerce Associations worldwide.  Mr. 
Abraham is also e-commerce professor at the University of Applied Sciences, TIO. 

Lukas Sieber is Executive Director North America of Greater Zurich Area (GZA), the 
official investment support agency of Zurich and surrounding areas.  Prior to joining 
GZA, Mr Sieber was Burson Marsteller’s Digital Strategist in Europe and Switzerland’s 
Public Diplomacy Officer in the United States.  Mr Sieber has a special passion for 
technology, particularly for blockchain and has worked with a number of startups 
in this space. He holds a master’s degree from the University of Zurich in Political 
Science and Geography and earned postgraduate certificates in International Business 
Management and Leadership from Georgetown and Columbia University. 

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



48

Leanne Kemp 
Founder & CEO, Everledger

Sergey Sergienko 
CEO of Chronobank.io

Leanne Kemp is the Founder & CEO of Everledger, a digital global ledger that tracks 
the provenance of high-value assets in an authenticated immutable manner. Using 
her extensive background in emerging technology, business, jewellery and insurance, 
Leanne is pushing boundaries with Everledger in building a global verification system 
that asserts transparency along the entire supply chain process. This enables the 
tracking and protection of high-value assets, consequently mitigating risk and fraud in 
global marketplaces. 

With a rich history in innovation, Leanne previously founded three Australian startups 
including Absoft Queensland, Fastcards Pty Ltd. and the Great Australian Survey 
Company. Through these companies Leanne introduced and patented transformational 
technology ideas including Fastcards (a smart card with managed identification 
services) and commercialised Multicard (credential verification for consumer, 
governments and corporations) alongside various solutions to streamline inventory 
and supply chain operations. Leanne is an appointed member of the World Economic 
Forum’s Blockchain Council and a Co-Chair for the World Trade Board’s Sustainable 
Trade Action Group.

Sergey is an enthusiastic blockchain professional and a true entrepreneur who has 
succeeded in many different projects. He was awarded with a number of business 
accolades in Australia, including Anthill Online’s “30 under 30” and BRW’s Fast Starters 
in 2010.

Mr. Sergienko has represented Australia at the G20 Young Entrepreneurs’ Alliance 
summit and has a true understanding of how to connect both real and crypto world 
economies. Sergey’s career in the crypto economy started in 2016 with the formation 
of his famous blockchain company, Chronobank. ChronoBank.io is an ambitious and 
wide-ranging project, aimed at disrupting the HR/recruitment/finance industries in a 
similar way to how Uber disrupted the taxi business or how Upwork changed the game 
for freelancing. Chronobank is not only a blockchain-based “time bank” but a global 
alternative financial system that will allow workers and businesses to interact without 
banks and other traditional financial institutions. Sergey is an active member of the 
worldwide crypto community. 

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



49

Adam Posner 
CEO and Founder – The Point of Loyalty

Adam is a dedicated specialist in customer loyalty and rewards program strategy and 
research and has been a data-driven marketer for 24 years. He started his loyalty life in 
the mid ’90’s with a shopping centre loyalty program initiative called “Scratch & Save” 
and has since been involved in a range of loyalty and retention programs designing, 
developing and deploying programs for retail, trade, pharmacy, entertainment and 
large accommodation networks.  

In 2007 he founded Directivity and in 2017 established a divisional brand - 
The Point of Loyalty, which continues to focus on customer loyalty, recognition and 
reward program strategies that are profitable to the business and meaningful to 
the member. Adam has commissioned and co-authored, five of Australia’s in-depth 
consumer research studies on customer loyalty and loyalty programs which was 
featured on Marketing Magazine, BRW, CMO, Retail news, eConsultancy and television. 

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



50

8.5  Strategic Partners

Australia Azerbaijan Russia

MaltaSingapore

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



51

Conclusion

Shping started out as a mission to protect brands and consumers from counterfeit goods 

and has evolved into something much more robust, more pervasive and more powerful 

- the Shping Platform. We are now on the verge of a future where brands, retailers,

authorities and consumers can work together to ensure that the products that are

available for sale are fit for purpose, richer in detail and safe.

In this whitepaper, we have explored how recent market and regulatory trends have 

pushed manufacturers and retailers to improve transparency, traceability, protection 

and accountability for their supply chains. We have also explored the changing consumer 

behaviors that influence choice and the desire for brands to play a more proactive role in 

influencing these choices before, during and after the purchase of consumer products.

Shping aims to provide consumers, brands and associated organisations with an 

innovative shopping experience. Shping aims to address the challenges of the new 

market systematically, sustainably and with the potential to scale for the betterment 

of consumers, brands, retailers and associated businesses. Central to our belief is a 

fundamental paradigm shift that sees recipients of the communication rewarded directly 

for their vigilance, loyalty, engagement and attention with Shping Coin. 

Rather than bolstering the coffers of just a handful of media giants, through Shping Coin, 

we expect to see the birth of a global platform that businesses can use to connect with 

millions of consumers. This Token Sale represents an opportunity to fuel the development 

of Shping’s Global Product Database, and sustain the development of the Shping Platform 

in order for businesses and consumers to interact with this database.  This Token Sale will 

also fuel Shping’s expansion and adoption to more countries around the globe.

Beyond the expansion of the Shping Ecosystem, this Token Sale offers individuals a chance 

to be among the first to purchase Shping Coin in a new economy - one which is based on 

connecting consumers, brands and businesses in mutually beneficial and exciting ways. The 

future of shopping, we see is incentivized and rewarded with Shping Coins. A future where 

it pays to shop smart.

CHAPTER 9.0

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.  -  2018



52

Appendix

Shping’s founder, Gennady Volchek became deeply interested in product safety and 

authenticity during an attempt to purchase a safe, validated-genuine device-charger while 

on holidays and finding the process untrustworthy and difficult. 

In 2012, Mr Volchek founded Authenticateit with the goal of preventing the counterfeiting 

of products in the retail market. His original idea was to implement EPCIS industry 

standards into a cloud-based solution that could be offered to organisations as a 

software as a service (SAAS). The platform began by supporting a product management 

database which held a complex list of barcodes/Serialised Global Trade Item Numbers 

(SGTIN) which were attached to specific products. The list was capable of storing 

additional information (in the form of text, image, or even video) about each product 

and had a unique marketing profile attached to it. Since the database was based on 

international GS1 standards (EAN-13), a user was able to receive all of this additional 

information from the database by scanning the barcode through the mobile application.

With the product database set up, AuthenticateIt was also able to  issue serialized 

GTINs (SGTIN) in order to track individual products. Track & Trace allowed brands and 

users to track changes of custody as the product moved through the supply chain. For 

manufacturers, this also meant that they could use the feature to manage the distribution 

of products in specific geographies.

After 2 years in development, Authenticateit launched a proof of concept pilot project 

with two Australian brands. Upon the completion of the proof of concept in late 2014, GS1 

Australia published Authenticateit’s case study as a successful example of an “end to end 

traceability deployment” using the GS1 standards. 

For the first time, the Authenticateit solution made it feasible for businesses of any 

size to adopt the industry standards for traceability.  As a result, GS1 Australia selected 

Authenticateit as a technology partner.

The History of Shping 

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



53

From 2014 to 2015 Authenticateit has implemented full traceability and serialisation 

solutions in over 20 businesses in different verticals, including dairy, meat, clothing, 

footwear, watch, wine and beer manufacturers.

AuthenticateIt added raw material management to the database. This allowed 

manufacturers to link materials and suppliers to each product. That way, if one material 

was recalled, any product using that material would automatically be issued a recall alert. 

If any product was recalled, users were notified through the mobile application after they 

scanned the product barcode.

Authenticateit also partnered with the World Customs Organisation (WCO)  and integrated 

its solution with the WCO’s IPM platform which saw the Authenticateit border protection 

features rolled out to 68 countries. Finally, Authenticateit developed several features 

that were focused on the end-users. These included the potential for a rewards program, 

socialization, and reporting. The rewards program allowed brands to create campaigns 

that rewarded users with points for viewing product information. The socialization engine 

allowed for interaction and communication between brands and consumers using Live 

Chat or messages. This also included an additional feature where users could register 

warranties for purchased products. The Reports Module allowed for brands to access data 

in relation to the products being authenticated and being purchased by users.

In 2016, Authenticateit decided to rebrand the company and its platform to Shping. The 

base of the platform has been redeveloped to make the system more universal and 

tolerant of increased volumes for long term and sustained use. Shping is being refined to 

build on Authenticateit’s legacy and will maintain a continuing level of client service.

In addition to the company’s rebranding effort, Shping has refined its offerings and added 

new features to the Shping Platform (as detailed in the roadmap). The product database 

now allows for customizable fields of data entry for each product, including geography 

and language. There will be a number of new widgets and data fields which can be applied 

to products. All participants in the platform can provide additional information for each 

GTIN in the database and more.

Individual modules such as Track & Trace and Raw Materials will be combined into Shping 

Security. The rewards, socialization, and reports modules will be combined into Shping 

Marketing. Shping has made and will continue to make a number of refinements to the 

existing modules so that the user experience is much more useful, intuitive, and fluid.

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



54

The company was founded with a vision to create a tool that will help 

consumers to verify the authenticity of the product prior purchase.

Authenticateit commences research and development.

AuthenticateIt implements GS1 standards for products and 

serialization and traceability

Authenticateit builts Authenticateit App - an interface  for consumers 

to leverage traceability data for the purpose of product authentication

The initial version of Authenticateit is introduced. The system 

supports basic supply chain management for brands and retailers and 

the product database is a list of records with predefined attributes.

The company conducts a year-long trial of its platform with select 

clients to ensure that the system works and their needs are being met.

During the trial based on business requirements, more advanced 

modules and features are developed including support for outsourced 

manufacturers and grey import protection.

GS1 Australia selects Authenticateit as a technology partner.

An enterprise application is created for implementing serialization at 

manufacturer’s factories.

Shping timeline

2012

2013

2014

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



55

Authenticateit is presented with an iAward, winning first prize in the 

State of Victoria as a consumer product of the year.

The IPM platform used by World Customs Organisation begins partnering 

and integrating Authenticateit which helped brands protected by 

Authenticateit solution to cross borders in over 68 countries.

Authenticateit presents at the GS1 Global Forum and partners with 

GS1 Singapore,

Authenticateit is selected by the 3rd largest e-commerce platform in 

China (DHGate) to help with product authentication for products sold 

via DHGate platform.

Leading European Brand protection law firm Novargraaf has partnered 

with Authenticateit to help their customers to protect their IP

App improvement enables App to scan any GS1 standard barcode not 

just GS1 Datamatrix and Databar and link user to the product-related 

information. The platform can now work with other trusted data 

sources which make App relevant to any product that has a barcode.

The application gets new features to support Socialization 

and Rewards.

Authenticateit signs a strategic partnership deal with New Zealand 

government-owned food safety and quality assurance company 

AsureQuality and gains access to another data source.

The United Nations, engaged by China Asia-Pacific Smart Agricultural 

and Food Safety Industrial Project select Authenticateit as the 

exclusive track and trace solution for the province of Changchun. 

(Project commences in 2018).

2015

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



56

Authenticateit is selected by the 3rd largest e-commerce platform in 

China, DHGate to support product authentication for products sold via 

the DHGate platform.

Authenticateit partners with GS1 Russia, GS1 Azerbaijan and GS1 Malta.

In response to a compliance requirement by an infant formula 

company to implement traceability, Authenticateit has developed a 

new module that can track Raw Materials.

Authenticateit signs a strategic partnership deal with Russian 

Government-owned Federal Service for Veterinary and Phytosanitary 

Surveillance -  Rosselkhoznadzorand.

Authenticateit establishes a partnership with China Inspection & 

Quarantine Services (CIQ) to facilitate 24-hour border clearance for 

perishable goods imported into China.

AuthenticateIt rebrands into Shping. The platform’s features are 

streamlined and merged into properly defined modules. Shping App 

and back-end platform officially released in Beta.

Shping App and back-end platform officially released in Beta.

2016

2017

30/06
2017

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



57

Case studies

Koalabi Ugg Boots is an Australian brand that manufactures and supplies high quality, 

sheepskin Ugg boots. Since 1989, the company has been successfully wholesaling and 

retailing their products locally and internationally.Some of Koalabi’s Eastern European 

distributors were taking advantage of lower wholesale prices to create unauthorised 

overruns and versions of Koalabi Ugg boots that were exported to local retailers in 

Australia and New Zealand. 

Local retailers of genuine Koalabi boots were struggling to compete with the lower prices 

of these fraudulent products, and were forced to reduce their own prices.

Shping was contacted by Koalabi to identify counterfeit or grey market goods, educate 

unaware retailers, and help grow the company’s existing supply chain by including 

retailers that were unwittingly engaged in selling Koalabi counterfeit or grey market 

goods.

Shping implemented a system that allowed Koalabi to restrict overseas imports of their 

products and confined distributors to supply products to specific regions. By scanning 

the consignments with Shping’s serialised codes, retailers were able to identify if the 

imported goods were legally saleable in Australia or not.

Within 30 days of implementing Shping, Koalabi identified 12 retail outlets that were 

selling counterfeit boots to consumers. The retailers themselves were unaware that the 

products being sold by them were not genuine.

In the first month after implementing Shping, 2% of Koalabi’s customers were scanning 

barcodes and authenticating their products prior to purchase. That number jumped to 18% 

within 6 months. For the same time-frame, Koalabi Ugg Boots sales have increased by 3%.

Koalabi Ugg Boots

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



58

Australian dairy manufacturer, Norco, teamed up with Shping to prevent counterfeiting of 

Australian milk in China. Norco was looking for a solution where customers could easily 

verify the authenticity of the milk they were buying and confirm if the products were 

compliant with Chinese food safety regulations.

Once Shping was implemented into Norco’s production and sales process, Norco noticed the 

following:

 → 72% of customers who authenticated Norco milk at least once, would regularly use 

the app to verify the authenticity of Norco milk;

 → 67% of customers who scanned any of Norco’s products also accessed product 

insights (a marketing tool used by Norco);

 → 99% of customers who scanned Norco’s products checked on the product recall status.

Shping’s product serialization system was an integral component of Norco’s “paddock to 

plate” quality assurance guarantee. The system’s ability to precisely validate provenance 

and physically track the location of the milk shipments was so precise, that it allowed 

distributors and Norco to secure expedited border clearance (5 days or fewer) in China for 

their products. The trial shipment was such a huge success now allowing Norco to use this 

expedited pipeline to deliver over 20 million litres of fresh milk into China in just the first 

year of partnering with Shping alone.

Norco

Shping Coin: Token Sale Whitepaper, Ver 1.4 - FEB 2018



For updates and latest news visit 
tokensale.shping.com  

It pays to shop smart




