











































1

Rewarding the SKARA 
community by connecting  
to the wider economy on  
the blockchain
Whitepaper



2

Video games are everywhere. Not only are more people playing games than 
ever before, but more people are watching them and even winning money 
competing in them. 

The global phenomenon has received the attention of media and 
corporations, who increasingly benefit from involvement in the industry  
as sponsors, partners, owners  and investors. 

However, few truly benefit from the economic gains associated with all  
of this activity - until now. 

SKARA is a new entertainment universe that includes a multiplayer 
competitive eSports platform, narrative role playing (RPG) games and 
mobile apps in a rich fantasy world described in a series of novels to be 
published January 2018. 

We propose embedding blockchain at the heart of the SKARA ecosystem, 
in order to decentralize the benefits of participating in the games, both 
casually and competitively.

Connecting the rewards for participating in the SKARA community to  
the larger community is a huge benefit to everyone. We believe this is  
the future for gaming. 

ABSTRACT



3

The information in this White Paper is subject to change or update and 
should not be construed as a commitment, promise or guarantee by SKARA 
or any other individual or organisation mentioned in this white paper 
relating to the future availability of services related to the use of the tokens 
or to their future performance or value.

The document does not constitute an of fer or solicitation to sell shares 
or securities.  It does not constitute or form part of and should not be 
construed as any of fer for sale or subscription of or any invitation to buy 
or subscribe for any securities not should it or any part of it form the basis 
of or be relied upon in any connection with any contract or commitment 
whatsoever. SKARA expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any 
direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising 
directly or indirectly from reliance on any information contained in the 
white paper, any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information or 
any action resulting therefrom.

The issuance of the token is outside the scope of the UK regulatory regime.  
As such the purchaser understands that it will not benefit from the 
protections that would otherwise apply.

DISCLAIMER



4

2      ABSTRACT
3     DISCLAIMER

5     EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

6     THE SKARA UNIVERSE
8       Description of SKARA 
10   Traction - The Story so Far
11   Metrics
12   Leagues
13   Betting
14   Economic assumptions
15   Development roadmap

17   VIDEO GAME MARKET
17   Market overview
19   eSports
22   Betting Market
24   Real money trading overview
27   Legal and compliance

29   SKARA TOKENOMICS
29   Overview
31   Using Tokens
33   Burning Tokens
33   Player-to-player trade
34    Ways to purchase SKARATs  

by players

35   TOKEN SALE
35   Token sale Structure
36   Economic Overview
37   Token sale  timeline

39    ADVANTAGES AND GAINS  
FOR SKARAT HOLDERS

42   TEAM
42   Management
44   Development team
46   Partners
47   Advisors

TABLE OF CONTENTS



5

Imagine making real money while playing your favorite game. In SKARA, 
you can now do just that, legally. 

Video games have experimented with purely digital currencies and digital 
assets for years, of ten with great success. However, until the advent of 
blockchain technology, these economies existed in of ficial isolation to the 
real economy. It is time to change this. 

SKARA is one of the first games to overcome this barrier by creating a new 
cryptocurrency in the form of an ERC-20 token based of f the Ethereum 
blockchain called SKARAT (SKARA Token - SKT), which can be traded on the 
open market. 

Through this new vehicle, participants in the SKARA community will be able 
to buy, sell and trade in-game assets without having to go to shady black 
markets.

The idea enhances the already well established concept of rewarding players 
of free-to-play video games. These type of games usually of fer in-game 
currency, cosmetic assets and other goods simply by playing the game - a 
concept known as farming. Although some platforms of fer the limited 
possibility to trade these goods through a closed market, game developers 
and publishers strive to suppress free trade as they undermine their profits 
and game balance economy.

Such environments of ten facilitate the creation of of f-game black markets 
where game resources are being traded for real money between people 

EXECUTIVE 
SUMMARY



6

farming assets and those who don’t want to spend the time doing so. 
Too of ten players are cheated out of money or hard won game assets. By 
opening up SKARA to these kind of transactions, players will benefit from 
the security of a controlled environment.

These transactions are only limited by the imagination. Amongst our 
intended use cases for  SKARATs, is to 
be able to bet in eSports tournaments, 
to collect cards, purchase items, 
gain access to certain tournaments 
or events, or access limited areas of 
territory inside of the SKARA World.

SKARA is an entire universe, including 
an award-winning, competitive team-

based action game, a novel set for release January 2018, a mobile game 
and several single player RPG games. All of these products inhabit a post-
apocalyptic fantasy world where cultures must struggle and adapt to 
survive. 

Without any marketing spend, more than three hundred thousand people 
have played SKARA to date. Many more are waiting for SKARA’s Beta 
release. With a successful toke sale, SKARA will be able to fully develop and 
market like no indie game has ever done before. This will have a positive 
impact on everyone holding in-game assets, which the development team 
plans to connect and secure to the blockchain.

This paper explains the principles of the SKARAT ecosystem and our 
execution plan.



7

SKARA goes far beyond a simple video game. SKARA is a rich world thought 
up by creator Pablo Rodriguez—a world peopled by dramatically dif ferent 
cultures who compete to survive a cosmic disaster. By combining cross-
platform video games with novels and comics, the SKARA Universe is fully 
intending to become a lasting cultural contribution of the same magnitude 
as Lord of the Rings or Star Wars. 

Pablo has been working on the story behind 
SKARA for more than 5 years. This work has 
culminated in a debut novel, SKARA - THE 
TIME OF THE TWO SUNS, which will be 
published in January 2018. 

SKARA - THE TIME OF THE TWO SUNS 
describes the world of SKARA before a 
planet crashes into the sun, unleashing a 
violent cataclysm that destroys everything. 

This post-apocalyptic world is where SKARA’s innovative, team-based 
action video game begins. SKARA - THE BLADE REMAINS  is designed for 
competitive eSports. It combines AAA level graphics, the intense feel of 
online multiplayer games with the soul of an RPG.

The combination of high quality, fast paced multiplayer action with a deep 
narrative driven by the players involved serves to create an absorbing 
experience that our global community cannot get enough of. 

THE SKARA 
UNIVERSE



8

The multiplayer aspect of the SKARA Universe has several key features::

Fast-paced combat with timing and accuracy focus: Each survivor has 
his own 3rd person combat style with a personalized set of close combat 
movements and skills to fight in frenetic skirmishes against other players. 

Fighting synergies between team characters: In order to master the game 
you will need to learn the specificities of each culture’s combat style to take 
advantage of your survivor’s unique skills to play as a cohesive group of 
warriors, powered by each other’s strengths.

Quick multiplayer matches: You can 
choose dif ferent game modes ranging 
approximately from 3 to 10 minutes. You 
cannot hide in the arenas. You must kill 
your enemies before they kill you.

Game modes: There are 3 game modes: a 1v1 “Duel”, a 3v3 “Last Team 
Standing” and a 5v5 “Domination”. There are 4 arenas: “Jaarvi” is the icy 
scenario for the Duels, “Khilma - Lava Coliseum” and “Gâo-di” are the two 
scenarios where the Last Team Standing matches take place, and “Zem”  
hosts the “Domination”. Nearly all of them contain interactive elements. 
Danger is everywhere.

Description of SKARA,  
the multiplayer game

“You must kill your 
enemies before they kill 

you”



9

Lore-Rich: The team will also continue the SKARA story directly reflecting 
what happens in the multiplayer game. Each culture in SKARA has its own 
story, mythology, heroes and political structure. Music, funerary rites, 
language and even calligraphy for each one of the cultures is described in 
the Lore and players can interact with it on the SKARA Wikia (SKARA.wikia.
com). Much of this material is generated by players themselves. To date, 
more than 101 pages worth! 

Players become Heroes: In Skara, the best players are not only rewarded 
with competitive earnings, they become the stuf f of legend. We mean that, 
literally, the best players actually become characters in Skara novels and 
first person action games - to be played 
alongside by all.  

Card system: To make players into heroes, 
we have engineered a collectible card 
system which tracks player stats. The 
top performers become an asset on the 
blockchain - and of course they gain some 
benefit from that status!

“eSports players will be  
the protagonists of Skara’s 

future books”



10

SKARA the company was founded in 2012 af ter several years of pre-
production on the SKARA Universe. 

In 2014, SKARA - The Blade Remains was selected to join the Microsof t 
Ventures Accelerator Program in London as one of only two video game 
companies receiving access to the Xbox One Developer Program.
SKARA has received multiple international awards and global recognition in 
its Early Access stage.

A playable Alpha version of SKARA has been accessible on STEAM Early 
Access intermittently since early 2017 in order to allow the developers to 
collect feedback and improve the game experience. This has also helped 
grow the SKARA community to the size it is today.

Traction - The Story so Far



11

As a community driven project, SKARA’s players have already demonstrated 
very high levels of engagement since inception and especially during time-
limited events, continually breaking participation records with top players 
engaged in SKARA for more than 20 hours a day!

Metrics (in Alpha)



12

SKARA is helping players develop regional professional eSports leagues 
(Premier and Secondary Leagues) where player teams compete with each 
other for prize pools. The best eight teams in each region will compete 
regularly in playof fs and championships.

In early 2017, players organized the first tournaments with amazing success. 
Four teams with twelve players participated, creating their own team logos 
and broadcasting the competition online.
 
With the advent of the Skara Beta, we aim to help take this further. 
Leagues will be organized and broadcasted by SKARA.
Leagues will last for six months and the best teams will be financially 
sponsored by SKARA.

To access the Premier League, other teams have to compete in a series of 
draf ts. These will become the Secondary League. At the end of the draf t 
period, the bottom two teams in the Premier League will compete against 
the top two teams in the Secondary League (or Draf t Series) to stay in the 
Premier League, or face relegation.

Leagues



13

As a competitive and exciting game with high production value, SKARA will 
attract a large number of spectators willing to bet on their favourite players 
and teams.

In order to promote fairness and transparency, SKARA will build its own 
betting platform in which results will automatically update in real time. This 
solution is more ef ficient than using betting sites that rely on manual inputs 
in order to provide results, which is usually time consuming and prone to 
human errors. By synchronizing game results automatically, people will be 
able to bet in real time allowing odds to reflect the specific situation of the 
game more accurately at any given time.

SKARA has entered an agreement with a third party betting platform for 
the licensing of their platform in order to speed up the implementation of 
betting capabilities. Bets will be conducted using the SKARA Tokens only.

Betting



14

Based on our existing Alpha metrics, SKARA uses the following assumptions 
to estimate our Beta launch results.

 7%  Download growth (per month)
 7%  Conversion to paying players
 28.85  Average Revenue Per Paying Player ARPPU/Month (USD)
 2.02 Average Revenue per Player ARPU/Month (USD)
 60%  Average Monthly Churn
 1.7  Average Player Life Time (in months)
 3.4  Lifetime Value (USD)
 0.8  K-factor
 1  Customer Acqusition Cost (USD)

We expect 5 million downloads in the first 12 months af ter Beta launch and 
40 million in the first three years.

 World target revenue is expected to reach $1.5 million per month af ter year 
one and $18 million per month in the long term.

This will create tens of millions of transactions in SKARATS and generate a 
substantial demand for their limited supply.

Economic assumptions



15

Development Roadmap



16

Development Roadmap



17

Few industries are growing at the pace of the video games market as more 
people all over the world get access to computers and the internet.

NewZoo’s Global Games Market Report shows that 2.2 billion gamers across 
the globe are expected to generate $108.9 billion in game revenues in 2017. 
This represents an increase of $7.8 billion, or 7.8%, from the year before. 
Digital game revenues will account for $94.4 billion or 87% of the global 
market. The PC and console game markets will generate $29.4 billion and 
$33.5 billion in 2017, respectively.

COMPETITIVE 
VIDEO GAME 
MARKET
Market overview



18

Digital game revenues will account for $94.4 billion or 87% of the global 
market. The PC and console game markets will generate $29.4 billion and 
$33.5 billion in 2017, respectively. Companies are seeing a huge increase of 
in-game revenues thanks to loot boxes with content sales jumping 25% 
year-over-year.

While games of all types are increasing in market size, a certain segment 
of the market is making noted growth — namely the competitive eSports 
market.



19

The eSports phenomenon is deeply international and cross-cultural. For 
example, players from Japan and South Korea regularly compete with 
players from Europe and the United States. Successful gamers of ten have 
Olympic status - and can earn very serious sums of money for their skills.

Superdata says that over 213 million people watch competitive gaming this 
year, and is on track to reach a global audience of 303 million by 2019.

eSports



20

Global revenue for the worldwide eSports market totals $892.8 million in 
2016, up 19% year over year.

Direct consumer revenue grew 36% year over year, as eSports enthusiasts 
spent $230 million on tickets to events, merchandise and prize pool 
contributions, among other items.

eSports audiences are predominantly male (85%), and nearly half (46%) are 
between 18 and 25 years old.

eSports tournaments have exploded in the past twenty years, rising 
exponentially from a mere 27 tournaments in the year 2000 to more than 
2,000 tournaments this year alone[9]. This outstanding growth comes with 
a sharp increase in the number of viewers, that now record tens of millions 
for major events and competes with traditional sports and the most famous 
television programs. This year, the Intel Extreme Masters in Katowice 
gathered more viewers than NCIS, The Walking Dead and The Big Bang 
Theory.



21

Use Case 
The SKARA World Championship Tournament is held at the 
Barcelona Congress Centre. Players from regional Premier 
teams show up for the week to compete for the Skara 
Cup and the prize pool (1,000,000 SKARATs). The event is 
livestreamed over various outlets, including Youtube, Twitch 
and Facebook Live. Over 500,000 watch the matches on 
average. As part of the event, the next novel is debuted. Fan 
fiction submissions will be shared and selected to help form 
the narrative development for SKARA during the next year 
and season.



22

Watching a match is more fun when you have some stake in the outcome. 

This is why Newzoo describes betting on eSports as likely to mirror that of 
traditional sports and therefore become an even bigger industry than the 
sport itself. For instance, while the NFL generated 13 billion USD in 2015 [14], 
betting around the NFL was estimated to have made up to 100 billion USD 
[21]. 

Using the NFL’s model, it is estimated that eSports betting revenue could 
amount to over $200 billion USD per year.

Even though using FIAT currencies for betting may be attractive, several 
countries have regulations that make it hard for any player to capture that 
market. As a result, the millions of daily eSports viewers lack a transparent, 
digital, and easy-to-use betting platform to bet on their favorite players 
and competitions. There is currently no widespread platform that allows 
users to place real-time bets on eSports. The few existing alternatives such 
as Pinnacle use a private matchmaking system, private computations, 
and therefore suf fer from lack of trust and weak overall user adoption. 
Furthermore, their gathering process for the games results is opaque and 
undisclosed.

This, together with a lack of reliable betting solutions, represents a 
tremendous opportunity for SKARA.

Betting Market



23

Use Case 
The Spanish SKARA Premier League Semi Final features a 
competition between the teams from Zaragoza and Madrid. 
Zaragoza beat Madrid in the regular season and the SKARA 
betting platform has 3:1 odds in their favour going into the 
match. 
Fans tune in to watch the livestream on the betting 
platform. Supporters of the Madrid team have placed heavy 
SKARAT bets on their team winning, since the team replaced 
the squad with two new players. 
The first game Zaragoza wins handily, pushing the odds to 
5:1. Viewers have put 125,000 SKARATs in--but only 30,000 
is coming from pro Zaragoza bets. Viewers expect an upset 
and a huge payout. 
They are not disappointed. The new Madrid team beat 
Zaragoza in the remaining matches, earning their supporters 
a huge payout. The top better placed 2,000 SKARATs on 
Madrid walked away with 10,000--which can be    traded on 
the exchanges into FIAT money, or used to further improve 
their gaming experience in the SKARA Universe.

 



24

‘Real money’ trading has a long and fairly sordid history, and has been 
illegal, or strongly discouraged by most Western game developers, 
especially in Massive Multiplayer Online Role Playing Games (MMORPGs), 
where real money trading is most common, since the games have virtual 
economies in which gold and other resources have real value.

Below are some examples of games that allow players to be paid for playing.

Team Fortress 2 and Dota 2
These games contain a “cosmetic item market” (Workshop) where you 
can exchange your goods with another player for real dollars. This is all 
permitted, even encouraged, by Valve.

Valve disclosed that over 90% of the items in TF2 were actually created 
by players. Users can submit models and textures to be voted on by the 
community. Those that succeed are sold in the TF2 store and the creators 
receive a cut of the profits.

Second life
Second Life is a social RPG (a life simulator). It has a player-centric economy 
in which they can earn real money. Players can earn in-game currency - 
Linden Dollars (L$) by engaging in various activities in-game. Some activities 
are quite passive, such as sitting on camping chairs, while others require 
skill, such as creating virtual content and trading virtual real estate.

Some players would rather save time and spend cash for L$, so other players 
can sell their surplus L$ to other players on the LindeX Currency Exchange 
for real money. The exchange rate changes based on supply and demand.

‘Real money’ trading overview



25

Entropia Universe
Entropia uses a micropayment business model, in which players may buy 
in-game currency (PED - Project Entropia Dollars) with real money that can 
be redeemed back into U.S. dollars at a fixed exchange rate of 10:1. This 
means that virtual items acquired within Entropia Universe have a real 
cash value, and a participant may, at any time, initiate a withdrawal of their 
accumulated PED back into U.S. dollars according to the fixed exchange 
rate, minus transaction fees.

Like SKARA - The Blade Remains, Entropia Universe can be played for free, 
but spending money on the in-game currency allows significant additional 
options like purchasing items, skills, deeds/shares, services from other 
players. It contains a market where expendable resources can be purchased 
from the game or other players.

Entropia Universe entered the Guinness World Records Book in both 2004 
and 2008 for the most expensive virtual world objects ever sold. In 2009, 
a virtual space station, a popular destination, sold for $330,000. This was 
then eclipsed in November 2010 when Jon Jacobs sold a club named “Club 
Neverdie” for $635,000; this property was sold in chunks, with the largest 
one sold for $335,000.

Diablo III
In July 2011 Blizzard announced that the Diablo III Auction House will 
have a real money aspect to it. The real money is only usable for item (and 
eventually character) sales for sof tcore (non-hardcore) characters, and it 
operates in tandem with the in-game gold trading auction house. Players 
may list items on either service. Blizzard charges a flat fee for each item 
listed (to discourage players from flooding the market with junk items), 
then takes another fee from successful sales. Proceeds can be spent on 
Blizzard merchandise and games, or withdrawn in Fiat currency, af ter 
another fee is paid to Blizzard and the financial partner.



26

Late 2011 and early 2012 saw a lengthy saga as the Korean Games Rating 
Board repeatedly refused to certify Diablo III for sale in Korea, due to the 
Real Money Auction House. Korea strictly regulates all forms of gambling, 
online or of f, and by their laws, the Real Money mechanism built into Diablo 
III turned it into a form of gambling.

Only when Blizzard submitted Diablo III without any Real Money 
mechanism (just a Gold Auction House), did the game win approval on 
January 13, 2012. As a result, since 2012 there has been no real money 
trading in Diablo III or any other Blizzard games.



27

Online betting is regulated in some shape or form in most countries, and 
SKARA will always operate within the legal frame established by those 
countries.

Most countries make a distinction between games of chance and games 
of skill, many also legislate dif ferently on sport betting and games of 
cards such as poker. Some countries, like France, recognize eSports as a 
sport and have clear licensing rules and guidelines, others like the United 
Kingdom authorizes most forms of online betting within a simple regulatory 
environment; many countries in Asia simply authorize all forms of online 
gambling, whilst others forbid it.

Overall, most countries will require a license to be obtained by the platform 
operating the gambling games, and potentially any sof tware provider 
providing sof tware to be used by the platform.

Legal and compliance



28



29

SKARA will be playable for free. Players will be able to acquire dif ferent 
kinds of assets in SKARA using two dif ferent currencies, a sof t currency 
called Shard (that you can earn by playing the game) and a premium 
currency called SKARAT (which you can acquire with ETH). The SKARAT 
(SKARA Token) is a unit of value that will be created to self-govern our 
ecosystem, and empower SKARA users to interact with other products, 
while facilitating the distribution and sharing of rewards and benefits to all 
of our community and stakeholders.

Most SKARA assets that can be bought with SKARATs are purely cosmetic 
and don’t provide a competitive advantage in-game since we aim to become 
a competitive eSports game. Some of these assets will grant special abilities 
or higher stats but only in certain non-competitive game modes such as 
single-player mode. SKARA will always be free to play and free to win.

In order to incentivise players to keep playing and spending money in 
SKARA, we need a large community of gamers engaged continually, this is 
only achievable with retention mechanics that will encourage participation. 
This is why the dual currency structure is important - the sof t currency 
Shard rewards players who spend time in the game and helps keep them 
engaged.

SKARA 
TOKENOMICS

Overview



30

The following assets will be achievable for free by playing Skara, using 
shards, or by leveling up:
 •  Common, Rare and Epic skins 

and weapons.
 • Avatars
 • Frames for avatars
 • Sprays
 • Common Emotes

 • Common Victory Poses
 • Voice Lines
 •  Character Add-ons (beards, 

scars, tattoos, etc)
 • Banners
 • Dyes

The following assets will be available by spending SKARATs:
 • Purchase of unique player skins
 • Purchase of Legendary weapons and items
 • Epic and Legendary Victory poses
 • Boosts
 • Purchase of in-game territory
 • Player-to-player trades

 • Players will be able to bet on dif ferent events (i.e. tournaments,  
championships, leagues…) using SKARATs
 •  SKARATs will be used to deploy events’ awards for those     
participants

 • Professional players will receive part of their gains in SKARATs



31

SKARATs and valuable game items will be stored in a decentralized 
blockchain on the user’s dedicated Ether wallet. The game will allow the 
user to link his blockchain identity (wallet) to his account in SKARA.
Accounting for game assets through the blockchain allows the users to take 
the value of their game items outside of the SKARA universe. By having 
the freedom to buy, trade and sell items, Skara assets (including SKARATs) 
become even more collectible and valuable.

Using tokens



32

When a SKARAT enters the game, it gets parked in a SKARA - The Blade 
Remains Wallet, tied to a player’s account. When the reverse process takes 
place, the token is moved from SKARA - The Blade Remains Wallet to the 
new owner’s Ethereum wallet, and this SKARAT is no longer in the game. 
All such token transactions are stored on the blockchain. The SKARA - The 
Blade Remains game server has access only to those tokens that are held in 
the SKARA - The Blade Remains Wallet.



33

Players spend SKARATs on unique game content, on player-to-player trades, 
or by participating in SKARA Tournaments (whether playing or betting). All 
this daily activity by the millions of players we are forecast to have playing 
SKARA creates a constant demand for SKARATs on the open market.

When a player purchases something, e.g. a weapon or a boost, from the 
game itself, we burn 50% of spent SKARATs, and move the remaining 50% 
to a special account called Game Funds.

Burning half of the SKARATs involved in every in-game transaction provides 
inflationary price pressure on the market value of the remaining SKARATs as 
the limited supply of SKARAT tokens is continually reduced.
It will be possible to transfer SKARATs between player accounts in case of 
trading on the open market.

Burning tokens

Player-to-player trade

It will be possible to transfer SKARATs between player accounts in case of 
trading on the open market.

Based on the data we have received from gamers playing the game so far 
we assume that 80% of the trades inside the game will be player-to-player, 
while the remaining 20% will be game-to-player.



34

There will be three ways to purchase SKARATs:

During the SKARA Pre-sale between 28th November 2017, and 21st 
January 2018, and in the token sale event  starting 23rd January until 23th 
February 2018.

From another SKARAT owner, using an Ethereum wallet. Af ter the 
completion of the token sale process we will open SKARAT for trading. A 
player will be able to purchase SKARATs on the market and move it to their 
game accounts.

On the SKARA - The Blade Remains website. Those players not familiar 
with cryptocurrencies will be able to easily purchase SKARATs for FIAT 
money from SKARA acting as an intermediary. The player immediately 
receives SKARATs in their wallet account.

Ways to purchase  
SKARATs by a player



35

· SKARAT (SKT) is the token issued in the Token Sale.

· SKARATs are ERC20 compliant Ethereum smart contract tokens.

· Only ETH will be accepted as a contribution. You  can use certain 
exchanges such as Evercoin, to contribute with Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dash and 
other cryptocurrencies. Contributions coming from exchanges will not be 
accepted and the money will be lost. 

· To contribute into our token pre-sale or to comply with our Whitelist 
procedure:
· Visit https://www.skaratoken.com/
· Provide your email, telegram username and amount expected.
· A minimum of 10 ETH will be accepted for the pre-sale.

· ETH/SKARAT price: We cannot determine the exact amount a token will 
cost in ETH until the token sale starts due to price fluctuations.
We will update the price of ETH according to the market at 2PM (CET) 
each day af ter the token sale goes live in order to adjust for any price 
fluctuations. To see the current SKARAT value, go to www.skaratoken.com

· Token release: The tokens will be issued within two weeks of the end of the 
token sale.

· Only purchased tokens will be minted.  

TOKEN SALE
Token Sale structure



36

Token distribution 
We expect to issue a maximum of 20,000,000 SKARATs. When the token 
sale is completed, no more SKARA tokens will be issued. The tokens will be 
distributed as follows:

- 9% of the tokens will be distributed among co-founders and the team.
- 15% of the tokens will be held by the company to fund future 
marketing activities.
- 2% will be used for Bounty program and another 3% for advisers.
- 70% will be available to token sale contributors.

Pre-sale structure
All tokens sold in the pre-sale are subject to a minimum lockup of 3 months. 
Sale bonus structure

Sale bonus structure

Stage                                    Bonus
Whitelist - day 1                15%
Public - day 2                      10%
Public - day 3                        5%

Vesting
Shares for the SKARA team and those for advisors will be vested for a period 
of three years.
Pre sold tokens will also be vested for a period ranging between 3 months 
and two years, depending on the bonus.

Economic overview 



37

Intended use of Funds

50% of the proceeds will be used for R&D including the blockchain 
implementation, creating our tournaments and betting platform. We 
estimate this cost to vary between €1m to €5m.
35% will be used for Marketing to grow our already existing community.
10% of the proceeds will be used for Operations in order to continue the 
development of the SKARA Universe by adding a single player mode and a 
mobile companion app. 
5% will be spent on Administrative & Legal costs.

TOKEN SALE TIMELINE



38

Pre Token Sale
The Pre Token Sale will take place starting 27th November 2017 at 5pm 
CET (11am ET) and will finish on the 21st January 2018 at 5pm (11am ET), or 
when the cap is reached.

A Maximum €5 MM will be sold during the Pre Token Sale.
There will be a bonus structure depending on amount contributed.
Cash will go towards the SKARA game launch.

Token Sale
The Token Sale will take place starting 23rd January 2018 at 5pm CET (11am 
ET) and will finish on the 23 February 2018 at 5pm CET (11am ET), or when 
the cap is reached.

The remaining SKARATs up to a total of €10 MM will be sold during the 
token sale.

The hardcap, and the absolute greatest amount of funds we will raise is €10 
MM.

Bounty program
 The Bounty program has a 2% allocation. Tokens will be paid out for various 
actions across a number of platforms including forums, Twitter, Facebook, 
Youtube and Bitcoin Signature users. 

This amount is subject to change.

Bounty Program                                                                %

Translations & Forum Moderation 10%
Twitter 20%
Facebook 15%
Blogs/Youtube 30%
Bitcointalk Signature 25%

For more details on the Bounty Program please visit https://www.
skaratoken.com/bounty-program 



39

SKARA - The Blade Remains will boost demand for SKARATs from players by 
using three mechanisms:

·  Selling of unique skins, weapons and items to players, exclusively for 
SKARATs

· Encouraging player-to-player trade conducted in SKARATs
· Betting on of ficial tournaments using SKARATs

For any operation with SKARATs inside the game, those SKARATs first need 
to be purchased from the market and parked in the SKARA - The Blade 
Remains’ Wallet. Every game-to-player operation with SKARATs leads to 
50% tokens being burned, which decreases the total supply of SKARATs and 
increases the market value of each individual SKARAT.

Therefore, for the SKARAT holders, the gain in value lies in the potential 
increase of SKARATs price on the market from the constant demand from 
players, other cryptocurrency investors and the game server itself, acting on 
behalf of its players who wish to purchase SKARATs.

We have provided our players with a simple and convenient mechanism 
for purchasing SKARATs without them needing to know anything about 
cryptocurrencies. This dramatically expands the potential customer base for 
SKARATs, since the game can act as an intermediary between players and 
the crypto world.

ADVANTAGES  
AND GAINS FOR 
SKARAT HOLDERS



40

Growth in the volume of in-game trade will simultaneously lead to SKARATs 
getting more valuable, and to a subsequent revenue increase. Therefore, we, 
as the creators of the game, are as much motivated to boost the SKARATs 
turnover and their market value as the token holders.



41



42

TEAM

Pablo Rodríguez
CEO, Co-Founder and Studio Head, Pablo has a BA in 
Fine Arts and has worked on SKARA for the last six 
years. He has 15 years’ experience developing video 
games from concept to market and teaches a Master  
in Video Games at Alicante University.

César Ortega
Co-Founder and CFO. Cesar is an Engineer with an MBA 
from The University of Oxford. He has more than ten 
years’ experience as an investor in tech startups and in 
Business Development in the financial services industry.

Victor Moreno
CTO, Victor is a full-stack Engineer with a focus on 
Research and Development. Victor has a deep passion 
for crypto technology and video games. He has worked 
with Pablo since 2009 and recently rejoined the the 
team af ter sending an iPhone into space on Project 
Horizon. Victor studied Engineering at ETSEIB in Spain 
and a earned a Masters of Engineering at Blekinge 
Institute of Technology in Sweden.

Management



43

Marc Boulesteix
CMO, Project Manager, Marc has 7 years’ experience 
working with video games, with a specialisation in free 
to play online ecosystems. He holds a Masters  
in Business and Marketing from ESEISA University   
in Barcelona. 

Jackson Adams
Writer and PR manager, Jackson has worked with 
SKARA since 2013. He is also an award winning 
journalist with a degree in Theology from the University 
of Oxford. 



44

The idea for SKARA was born in Pablo’s sketchbook in 2008, and became a 
reality in December 2012.

The journey started with a handful of passionate indie developers who 
wanted to become a great studio.

Today we are an international team of 20 developers with dozens of years of 
experience in AAA games.

Development team



45

Jacobo Carreras Programmer 2 yr in Skara
Raul Chaparro Programmer 1 yr in Skara
Adrià Sempé Game Designer 2 yr in Skara
Sara Pantoja Game Designer 2 yr in Skara
Adrià Najar Lead Artist 3 yr in Skara
Albert Herrera Rigger 4 yr in Skara
Marcello Álvarez Senior Animator 2 yr in Skara
Marc Obiols  3D Artist 3 yr in Skara
Antonio Montilla 3D Artist 3 yr in Skara
Marc Celma Sound and ef fects 4 yr in Skara
Aleix Perellada QA 1 yr in Skara
Ismael Gelabert QA 1 yr in Skara



46

Partners

Blockchain Reserve
A token issuance advisory firm, of fering 
complete support through the entire process 
of raising contributions, whilst spreading 
knowledge, ethics and governance in the sector.

EverdreamSof t (EDS)
is a Swiss-based company specialized in the 
development of mobile games and applications. 
EverdreamSof t explores current and upcoming 
technologies and their potential application 
in the entertainment world. EDS is pioneering 
“true ownership” of digital assets to their 
players, while building a base for blockchain 
integration in games.



47

Advisors

James Roy Poulter
James began his career in finance at EY, moving people, 
capital and companies around the world. A Chartered 
Accountant, he was recognised in the 35 Chartered 
Accountants under 35, as well as Forbes 30 Under 30, 
whilst having a technical background as a Developer in 
Residence at Playfair Capital - an early stage venture 
capital firm in London.

Shaban Shaame
CEO Founder at EverdreamSof t, Creator of the first 
video game ever to use blockchain technology.

Eric Murillo
Former director for Twitch Spain, Eric has more than 
10 years working on eSports and many more as a 
professional gamer. He is one of the most respected and 
influential personalities in the industry.

Alastair Moore
Head of Innovation and Entrepreneurship, UCL Faculty 
of Engineering.


