














































WHITE PAPER


WHITE PAPER 
Snovio – The World’s First Decentralized 

Lead Generation Service 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Author – Alexis Kratko, CEO and Founder, version 4.5, November 2017. 



White Paper   
Snov.io   2 

To the extent the Tokens sold in connection with this Token Sale may be securities 
under U.S. Securities Act of 1933, these Tokens are offered only outside of the 
United States to non-U.S. persons, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation S of the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. These Tokens have not been and will not 
be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United 
States or to U.S. Persons absent registration or under an applicable exemption 
from the registration requirements and the purchasers should not assume they will 
be able to resell their Tokens. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor 
any state regulator has passed upon the merits of or given its approval to the 
Tokens, the terms of the Token Sale, or the accuracy or completeness of any 
associated materials. Buying Tokens involves risks, and purchasers should be able 
to bear the loss of their entire purchase. All purchasers should make their own 
determination of whether or not to make any purchase, based on their own 
independent evaluation and analysis.  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   3 

Table of Contents 
 
Introduction     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4 

Project Mission     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  5 

Developed Technology     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
• The Critical Piece 
• The Technology in Detail 

7 

Application Examples     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
• Lead Generation for Businesses 
• Data Enrichment 
• Handling Data Changes 
• Recruiting 

15 

Project Status     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
• Our Users 
• Offline Activity 

18 

Business Model     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  22 

Roadmap     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  23 

Marketing     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
• Strategy 
• Market Research 

25 

Token Sale     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
• Token Sale Feasibility 

29 

Token Sale Structure     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
• Limitations on the Token Sale 
• Bonuses and Bounties 
• Application of Raised Funds 
• SNOV Token Mechanism 
• SNOV Token Technical Aspects 
• Token Economy 

30 

Our Team    . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38 

Additional Information     . . . . .. . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  42 

Contact Information     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  43 

 

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   4 

Introduction 

Snovio is the world’s first decentralized sourcing and lead generation service, 
providing high-quality leads thanks to the use of blockchain technology and 
crowdsourcing data collection methods. 
 
Snovio is meant to become a flexible platform. Thanks to the innovativeness, this 
platform will be able to meet the needs of a business for updatable contacts (leads) 
of high quality, and provide the opportunity to communicate with these leads to 
achieve the objectives set through involving the maximum number of people to the 
process of data collection, and rewarding them with SNOV tokens. 
 
It is hard to imagine a profitable business without the automation of the process of 
work with clients, jobseekers, and customers. However, solutions provided on the 
market often cannot address the demand for quality information to the full, and 
users of such services buy a pig in a bag, receiving leads with outdated contact 
data, find irrelevant leads, or are simply left with nothing, as they cannot find out 
the required specific audience. 
 
The idea of decentralization, which lies at the heart of Snovio, solves these 
problemsby attracting tens of thousands of people from around the world to 
collect and update the system’s data. 
 
These technologies and methods make Snovio an irreplaceable tool for lead 
generation with the most accurate data for any type of business. Data contributors 
are provided with a unique model for fair revenue distribution from selling data 
through a transparent and audited economy. 
 
  

https://snov.io/
https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   5 

Project Mission 

Traditional lead generation method suffers from several problems: 

 
1. Sources of Information Lack Transparency. Currently, clients who purchase 

leads rarely have a chance to receive the information about the lead 
source(s). They could be buying extremely outdated contact information that 
was collected automatedly and which wasn’t updated for several years. 
 
Through Snovio, clients can always see the full history of the data they are 
purchasing: beginning from the moment data was added into the system, 
including any time that the data was updated, and whether the data was 
bought by other clients. 
 

2. Data Non-Exclusivity. When buying data from traditional lead generations 
services, clients can be unaware of how many times that same data was sold 
to others and whether it’s even worth buying that data. 
 
Using Snovio, clients can always see the full history of the data they’re 
interested in, including g its source, updates, and sales. This gives clients a 
better opportunity to make informed decisions about purchasing any and all 
Snovio leads. 
 

3. Poor Quality Leads. Since traditional lead generation services collect their 
leads in a centralized manner, those leads are often of a lower quality due to 
the fact that the information in them quickly becomes outdated. Our 
personal experience indicates that, on average, 20% of purchased leads 
contain either a non-existent email address or fake telephone number. 
 
Snovio immediately shows clients the source of the data they are interested 
in as well as the time of its collection, including the number of times that 
data was sold, previous clients’ reviews, etc. All of this substantially increases 
the trustworthiness and the quality of the services offered to our clients. 

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   6 

4. Inability to receive real-time updates. In the current, highly-competitive 
business world, businesses need to be able to reach potential clients at the 
exact moment that clients develop a demand for their product(s). Examples 
for such demand-triggers might be purchasing a new car, a new promotion, 
or moving into a new home. These are critically important triggers that are 
opportunities for businesses to provide their respective services at the exact 
moment when clients are most likely to demand, and are most likely to end 
up paying, for those services. 
 
At Snovio, tracking updated data triggers form a fundamental part of the 
system’s functionality and competitive edge. 
 

5. Utter opacity about the distribution of revenues (from selling data) for 
information suppliers and contributors. Currently, when information 
suppliers provide their data to traditional lead generation services, they lose 
total control over that data. 
 
Snovio solves this problem using an open transaction registry complete with 
all the relevant information and smart-contracts. 
 

6. Problem of searching for specific data. Currently, to our knowledge, there 
are no services allowing direct communication with very specific and 
narrowly targeted groups of people. To do this, we are implementing a 
marketplace (exchange) model to place and fulfill the orders for sourcing 
concrete information about specific groups of people in the platform. 

 
We see our mission as changing the outdated methods of lead generation to new 
methods that reflect the realities faced by modern businesses. We seek to provide 
much needed and greatly demanded, high-quality data with constantly updated 
information. Similarly, we want to change the approach for working with data 
suppliers by recognizing their interests and motivations in selling data and keeping 
it up to date.  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   7 

Developed Technology 

Snovio has and continues to develop decentralized lead generation technology 
founded upon the idea of crowdsourcing data collection and blockchain 
technology. 
 
Service will be able to reduce costs for search and validation of the audience 
required for business. Such search will be performed by an agent upon request. 
The agent will be motivated by receiving ERC20 token SNOV for work performed 
and accepted.  
 
Our team uses popular development technologies and databases like PHP, Python, 
JavaScript, Angular, MySQL, MongoDB, Reddis, RabbitMQ, Laravel, Elastic Search. 
 
Currently, our MVP (minimum viable product) has core modules of the system 
which are already in active commercial exploitation, such as email search and 
verification, adding new data to the system (currently without the financial 
motivation by tokens). We continue to work on the most critical piece on 
decentralization of data contribution and collection and storage, development of 
smart contract for organization of the marketplace operation. 

THE CRITICAL PIECE 
 
Snovio is a decentralized platform for lead generation between tens of thousands 
of contributors (data suppliers) and customers. 
 
Contributorsadd ever newer and more up-to-date potential leads to the database, 
all while they update leads already in the database. Moreover, every contributor’s 
every activity is saved in a comprehensive history log to account for a fair 
distribution of revenue from selling data to final customers. 
 

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   8 

Customers can search the database using a variety of criteria depending on their 
business needs. Additionally, they receive immediate notification whenever 
information changes or is updated in any lead that they have bought. 
 
Such lead search can be performed directly in the database as well as through 
placing an order for search to be fulfilled by a in our marketplace.  
 

Let’s look at an example:  
 

1. Some ‘State Fund’ is looking for a possibility to get connected with country’s 
diaspora in a foreign country. After registration in Snovio, the Fund’s 
employee searches the database, but such search fails, as the search is 
overspecialized. The system suggests him to place an order for search, so he 
states the required criteria and assigns a reward in the amount of 100 SNOV 
tokens. These tokens were purchased by him earlier to carry out the search.  
 

2. Order is placed and the criteria are described in the smart contract. 
 

3. Contributors, who are interested in receiving tokens will carry out the search. 
They can use their own tools or ours to search in social networks, catalogs 
etc. 
 

4. Customer can validate how adequate the search was by looking through 
partially revealed but incomplete data. 
 

5. After the data provided by one or several contributorsare selected, the 
reward stipulated in smart contract is distributed. Data remain in the system 
for further use.  

 
The platform, which connects contributors with customers works on a basis of 
blockchain technology and smart-contracts, which guarantee fair distribution of 
revenue between all parties. 
 

In the event of any disputable situation, the last will be resolved by arbitration. It 
will be also introduced an agent scoring and rating system for those agents, who 
fulfill an order for data (leads) supply.  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   9 

 
SNOV tokens are used within the system for internal accounting between 
customers, the platform, and contributors, as well as for rewarding users for 
adding data to and updating data in the system. It is during the pre-sale that initial 
token distribution will occur. Contributors receive tokens for adding new data to 
the system, which is in turn bought by other users. All contributors are immediately 
rewarded with internal credits for adding new data to the system. These credits 
can be spent inside the system to search for required contacts, verify data, use 
mailing services, place an order in the marketplace, use service for technology 
search, get connected with professionals who are responsible for these 
technologies in the specified companies. 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   10 

THE TECHNOLOGY IN DETAIL 
 
Decentralized lead generation technology is founded upon crowdsourcing data 
collection. It functions in the following way. 
 

Crowdsourcing Data Collection 
 
The crux of Snovio’s crowdsourcing data collection technology is using a 
mechanism of a decentralized data supply to the platform by an unlimited number 
of contributors who automatically add new publicly-available data into the system 
or fulfil an order for lead search placed in advance. 
 
Crowdsourcing includes the following undebatable advantages over the widely-
used parsing data method: 

 
1. The width and depth of coverage. While data parsing focuses on definite 

websites or even just some of their parts, crowdsourcing knows no limits. 
New material is automatically added to the system as contributors surf 
source websites with the plugin enabled. 
 

2. Data Relevance. Parsing big sites is a costly venture requiring huge volumes 
of traffic and time. Constantly updating data through parsing greatly 
increases costs. Crowdsourcing solves this problem as tens of thousands of 
contributors do that work themselves and provide really valuable data for a 
business, as they see the demand through orders placed in advance. 
 
Crowdsourcing is not a new idea, and we can namemultiple successful 
companies that owe their success specifically to the power of crowdsourcing: 
 

• Crunchbase has organized the work through data contributors. Any 
person can add data about the companies and its employees, thus 
becoming a data contributor (supplier).  
 

• Wikipedia, according to their own data, uses over 116,000 contributors 
from around the world who regularly create and update content, 
adding new knowledge to their system. This allowed Wikipedia to 

https://snov.io/
https://www.crunchbase.com/
https://www.wikipedia.org/


White Paper   
Snov.io   11 

become a large go-to resource in just a few years. 
 

• Open Street Map. Thanks to the efforts of 4 million registered users, 
OSM quickly and accurately created (and continues to update) a highly 
detailed map of the world with the data provided by its users. In 
countless regions, OSM is of a substantially higher quality than Google 
Maps – which was developed through a centralized method. 

CONTRIBUTORS 
 
Contributors use our technological capabilities (a plugin for automatically searching 
verified data and a contributor personal account to interact with the platform, 
accept and fulfill the orders) to add new data to the system for further exploitation. 
Already today, We can offer our users an Extension for Chrome. 
 
Information about all new data is added to the system for its further use in a 
weighted system. One and the same data could be uploaded to the system by more 
than one contributor. In such cases, the distribution of revenue will be determined 
by a weighted system. The weighted system will take into consideration the 
contributors’ account ratings, the chronology of the added data, the number of 
positive and negative reviews with regards to previously provided data, the 
number of sales and refunds. 
 
A history of transactions will be stored on blockchain ensuring a fair distribution of 
revenue from the data sales for the contributors. 

CUSTOMERS 
 
Data customers can use SNOV tokens to place an order in the marketplace, 
purchase data for lead generation purposes, verify data, use mailing services, 
search for technologies through the site . Token’s value for services will be 
calculated based on the current SNOV token rate against the US dollar. 
  

https://snov.io/
https://www.openstreetmap.org/
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/snovio/einnffiilpmgldkapbikhkeicohlaapj


White Paper   
Snov.io   12 

DISTRIBUTION OF REVENUE FROM DATA SALES 
 
The distribution of revenue happens automatically using smart-contracts. Revenue 
distribution model for selling data collected by contributors is as follows: 
 

  

• 30% of sales revenue goes to the platform for continual network 
maintenance purposes; 

• 70% of sales revenue is distributed among contributors, the exact details 
accounted for by the previously mentioned weighted system. 
 

 
The algorithm in question is applied to every single data unit. A single data unit is 
the information in a dataset for a concrete lead. 

THE WEIGHTED SYSTEM 
 
The weighted system comes into play when revenue needs to be fairly distributed 
among multiple contributors. It accounts for the following parameters: 
 

 

• The time and date when concrete information was added to the system; 

• Contributors’ activity, in other words: a contributor’s value in adding and 
updating data within the entire network’s total activity stream; 

• How many data, collected by the contributor has been purchased; 

• How many refunds and complaints a contributor has; 

• The source and upload channel of the data (via chrome extension or 
manually); 

• The quality and quantity weight of the informational fields in the data 
and concrete lead at the time of customers’ purchases. 
 

 
  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   13 

REVENUE DISTRIBUTION EXAMPLES 
 
Let’s look at a few examples of how tokens work at distributing revenue among all 
the relevant parties. 
 
First, a simple example 

A hypothetical client purchased 100 data records for their business. At the time of 
their purchase, 1 contact cost 20 tokens. In other words, this client bought the 
amount of data valued at 2000 tokens. All that data were uploaded by Victor, a 
contributor. He in turn earns: 0.7 x (100 x 20) = 1400 SNOV tokens. 
 
Secondly, an example with multiple customers 

Hypothetical clients each bought 100 data records to develop their businesses. At 
the time of their purchase, 1 contact cost 5 tokens. In other words, each client 
bought the amount of contacts valued at 500 tokens. All that data was uploaded to 
the database by a single contributor, Elena. So, Elena in turn earns: 0.7 x (5 x 500) = 
1750 SNOV tokens. 
 
Third, an example with multiple contributors 

A hypothetical client purchased 100 data records for their company. At the time of 
their purchase, 1 contact cost 7 tokens. In other words, this client bought the 
amount of data valued at 700 tokens. All that data was uploaded to the system by 
multiple contributors – Anna, Bethany, and Chris at different times. In turn, these 
three contributors earned a total of: 0.7 x (100 x 7) = 490 SNOV tokens between 
the three of them. The distribution among them will proportionately be A/B/C 
(where A+B+C = 490). The proportionality depends on a variety of factors, like: the 
time that they uploaded their respective data, each contributor’s respective rating, 
etc. 
 
Fourth, an example with multiple customers and contributors 

Hypothetical clients each purchased 100 data records for their businesses. At the 
time of their purchase, 1 contact cost 20 tokens. In other words, they bought the 
amount of leads valued at 6000 SNOV tokens. All that data was uploaded to the 
system by multiple contributors – Anna, Bethany, and Chris at different times. In 
turn, the three contributors earn a total of: 0.7 x (3 x 100 x 20) = 4200 SNOV tokens 

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   14 

between the three of them. The distribution among them will proportionately be 
A/B/C (where A+B+C = 4200). The proportionality depends on a variety of factors, 
like: the time that they uploaded their respective data, each contributor’s 
respective rating, etc. 
 
Tokens will be also distributed in case a contributor fulfills a specified order for lead 
search. The contributor searches for people necessary for a business. A customer is 
free to choose a particular executor after reviewing the supplied data (incomplete 
data). If several executors are selected, tokens assigned as a reward will be equally 
distributed among agents in case they have provided identical data. 
  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   15 

Application Examples  

LEAD GENERATION FOR BUSINESSES  
 
There are currently a few wide conduits for lead generation. These are SEO, paid 
traffic (AdWords, Yandex.Direct), social networks, and using lead generation 
services like Snovio. These conduits partially overlap, but it’s currently 
recommended that you use all of them to cover the full breadth of your potential 
audience. 
 
At Snovio, the customer’s sales team determines criteria by which to purchase 
leads (for instance: the industry in question, geography, the size of the business, 
and so on), and purchases the required number of leads (which include information 
like names, email addresses, telephone numbers, companies and positions, etc.). 
  
For instance:  

a) find men 35-45 years of age in New York state who own Audi vehicles;  
b) find marketing and sales managers at companies in the American Northwest 

that produce foodstuffs. 
 
Example of an order: find female yoga instructors who live in Crown Heights, 
Brooklyn. Reward: 10,000 tokens for 100 people found.   

VALUABLE ASSETS’ SEARCH  
 
More and more often, job recruiters are turning to social networking sites like 
LinkedIn to find potential candidates. That, to a great degree, is equivocal to 
manual labor that is very time consuming.  
 
Snovio gives clients the ability to automate the most routine of tasks, allowing 
them to find applicants’ contact information by browsing job-seekers’ profiles on 
LinkedIn or Facebook. 

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   16 

To do this, three of provided modules can be used: database search (by filtering the 
candidates based on the required criteria), marketplace (using it, labor efforts of a 
professional can be saved to the maximum extend), and a module to identify the 
technology used on a website for HRs and recruiters in the field of IT – once the 
companies that use the required technologies have been found, it will be possible 
to get in touch with the companies’ professionals, working with the required 
technologies. 
 
The service is useful for freelancers to find customers, as well as for startups and 
other ICOs to find investors, advisers, and funds. 

DATA ENRICHMENT 
 
Companies often have an oversimplified database of clients or potential clients. It’s 
organized through their landing page, collecting just their email addresses or phone 
numbers. That information, of course, isn’t enough for efficient and targeted use of 
that client list. That list needs to be segmented by interests, geography, and other 
specifics relevant to a business’s services. 
 
Snovio allows companies to enrich their client lists by a variety of data. It’s as 
simple as providing Snovio with a list of email addresses or phone numbers, from 
which we can then generate a more detailed number of leads with additional data 
fields. 

HANDLING DATA CHANGES  
 
Ever-changing business environment requires that businesses not only have a 
complete, detailed dataset of their potential leads (customers, partners or 
employees) – it’s critically important that those datasets remain up-to-date and 
remain constantly relevant to the businesses and their customer bases. A few 
important changes that lead generation should pay attention to include: changing 
jobs, promotions, buying a new car, etc. Those are highly relevant triggers for 
certain business promotions or service opportunities that allow some businesses to 
stay a step ahead of their competition. 
 

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   17 

With Snovio, the clients subscribe to the monitoring function to track changes in 
some data fields of leads or even entire segments they are interested in. 
 
Some examples: 

a) notifications about all new data inputs on all new companies in Los Angeles 
which work in the field of software development and have more than 50 
employees;    

b) notifications about all events related to buying a new Volkswagen car. 
  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   18 

Project Status  

Snovio began development in January 2017. Our first Beta version was released in 
April, and our first paying client subscribed on 17 May 2017. Within a month we 
had 10 paying clients out of over 500 free users. 
 
At the time of this White Paper’s 4.0 writing, our database of contacts for lead 
generation consists of over 800,000 contacts enriched with additional information. 
With the help of decentralized data collection, we plan for our database to grow 
several hundred-times and to make our service more appealing and accessible to 
various types of businesses. 
 
We currently have a plugin that automatically collects data (Chrome Extension). At 
the time of publication, it has already been installed more than 12,000 times. 
  

 
  

https://snov.io/
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/snovio/einnffiilpmgldkapbikhkeicohlaapj?hl=en
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/snovio/einnffiilpmgldkapbikhkeicohlaapj?hl=ru


White Paper   
Snov.io   19 

Number of registrations by months: 
 

 

• 124   in April 

• 302   in May 

• 1093 in June 

• 3061 in July 

• 4205 in August 

• 5934 in September 

 

 

At the time of writing this White Paper (October, 2017), about  1-1,5% of all 
registered users become the paying customers of snov.io. This per cent is lower 
than the world average, but it is a normal rate for a project at an early stage of 
development. In developing the platform further, this per cent and the number of 
customers can grow much faster, that, in its turn, can ensure the demand for SNOV 
tokens.  
 
Currently, our system allows for clients to use our services for free through limited-
in-scope trial accounts, as well as premium accounts starting at $19/month. 

 

 

https://snov.io/
https://snov.io/pricing.html
https://snov.io/pricing.html


White Paper   
Snov.io   20 

OUR USERS 
 
Among users of our services, we can already note the following brand-name 
clients: 
 

 
 

OFFLINE ACTIVITY 
 
We took part in the Collision Conference in New Orleans in May 2017. As a result, 
we got our first clients and invaluable feedback on how to optimize our product 
and its features for business needs across the United States and Latin America. 
 

 
 

• On September 19, 2017 Alexis Kratko visited d10 event in Kiev; 

• On September 22, 2017 we attended the Blockchain ua Exhibition for 

networking development; 

https://snov.io/
https://twitter.com/snovio_ico/status/910237105196011520
https://twitter.com/snovio_ico/status/911145664301723649
https://twitter.com/snovio_ico/status/911145664301723649


White Paper   
Snov.io   21 

• On October 4, 2017 the team members took part in iTuber Crypto Meet-up in 

Kiev; 

• On October 12, 2017 the team booked a stand at the Blockchain & Bitcoin 

Conference in Kiev; 

• On October 27, 2017 our team member spoke at the Russian blockchain week in 

Moscow; 

• On October 31 - November 1, 2017 we will attend Blockchain Economic Forum 

2017 in New York with a pitch.  

 
This November, we’ve booked stands at Web Summit in Lisbon, Slush in Helsinki, 
and we’ve reached out to multiple other conferences, exhibitions, and events. 
  

https://snov.io/
https://twitter.com/snovio_ico/status/915950015763353601
https://twitter.com/snovio_ico/status/917376053143855104
https://twitter.com/snovio_ico/status/917376053143855104


White Paper   
Snov.io   22 

Business Model  

Snovio will function simultaneously as a SaaS-service (a subscription based service) 
and a marketplace between data contributors and data customers. 
 
SaaS-service. Currently, this is the core model by which Snovio operates. We offer 
a lineup of premium package plans beginning at $19/month and upwards 
depending on the volume of information consumed. 
 
Marketplace. Under this model, Snovio will function as an intermediary between 
data contributors and data consumers, guaranteeing a fair distribution of revenue 
from data sales among all parties. The marketplace is a fundamental piece for our 
decentralized model, which we have already begun developing and realizing. 
 
  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   23 

Roadmap  

Planned Release Dates: 
 

 
  

• August-September 2017 
Project translation and localization into the 20 most popular languages. 
 

• September 2017 
Chrome extension for Gmail that is analogous to clearbit (shows a list of email 
addressed for an entered domain). 
 

• November 2017 
Proprietary mailing list module. Sending triggered email series to added contacts.  
Data collection from sites such as: 

- AngelList 
- Behance 
- Dribbble 
- GitHub 
- StackExchange 
- StackOverflow 
- Twitter 

 

• December 2017 
Porting the currently operational data collection module for Chrome to Firefox. 
 

• January 2018 
Complement the extension with an option to search services’ footprints. 

 

• February, 2018 
Reach a database size of 1,000,000 profiles. 
 

 
  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   24 

 
• April 2018 

- Reach a database size of 10,000,000 profiles; 
- Send messages about changes in data within peoples’ profiles; for instance, 
adding new skills or changes in employment. 
 

• June 2018 
Reach a database size of 20,000,000 profiles. 
 

• July 2018 
Development of expanded address book service and synchronization of data from 
different social media through it. 

 
 

  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   25 

Marketing 

STRATEGY 
 
Snovio’s intensive growth strategy is the following: 
 

1. Making use of a large number of contributors to collect a database of tens 
of millions of leads comprised of real, up-to-date contacts. 
 
We are already attracting contributors through promoting our free Google 
Chrome plugin. Further, we will attract and motivate contributors with the 
help of a Token Sale and bounty-programs, as well as through mass 
marketing, referral programs, rewards program for using the plugin by paying 
a contributor 70% of the cost of the provided lead, in case the last is 
purchased, and internal credits of the platform for all the data provided by a 
contributor. 
 
As Metcalfe’s Law famously states, the value of a network is equal to the 
square of its number of users. That is why we believe that the key task for 
increasing the value of our project is to quickly grow the number of users 
who will contribute data to the system to in turn enhance its quality. This is 
our number one priority through 2017. 
 

2. SNOV token financial motivational plan for contributors. It is provisional 
data mining, where miners will receive tokens (or fractions thereof) for 
adding new data to the system, data which will in turn be purchased by 
customers, and internal credits for all data provided. 
 
It is important to note that in our working model, the complexity of data 
collection increases in correlation with the growth of the volume of the 
database for lead generation, as it will be harder to add unique information 
over time. Herewith, the value of each token can also proportionally increase, 
as the tokens to reward contributors can be taken from the 10% pool that 
will be exhausted over time. When this happens, Snovio will begin to buy 

https://snov.io/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metcalfe%27s_law


White Paper   
Snov.io   26 

tokens from exchanges, if necessary, to ensure the platform’s functioning. 
 

3. Purchase of premium traffic relating to key words, associated with lead 
generation and email marketing. 
 

4. Increasing our market coverage by creating plugins and extensions for 
multiple popular platforms like Firefox and Gmail. 
  

5. Expanding the number of available search criteria by adding new data 
sources from mined data. For instance, understanding the footprint of 
CMS/eCommerce/Email marketing/Popup Window system used on the site in 
order to provide data customers with convenient search criteria across 
available-to-them technology. 
 

6. Work with technology writers and bloggers to publish reviews about Snovio 
across multiple blogs and social networks to increase Snovio’s public and 
market visibility. 
 

7. Increasing the prices for our product as our database grows in size and 
increases in quality. Currently, we sell data used for lead generation at a 
lower cost than the market average. Once we reach a database of 10 million 
quality leads we can then substantially increase the price of our services. 

Name Database size Price per lead, $ How often updates 

FullContact 4bil 0.04 - 0.02 30 mln daily updates 

Slik 70mln 0.10 NA 

ZoomInfo 221mln custom pricing only 50 k new contacts daily 

Lead 411 33mln 0.50 NA 

Hoovers 100mln 1.50 NA 

 

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   27 

MARKET RESEARCH 
 
The volume of the market for email marketing (which we intersect with) is 
variously valued at around $10 billion with a constant annual growth rate of 20%. 
The lead generation market is valued at $30 billion with a constant annual growth 
rate of 20%. 
 
It’s important to take note of the following key actors: 
 

 
  

• FullContact. This American company has investments valued at $49 
million from leading venture capitalists. According to their own data, 
they own 4 billion contacts for lead generation, which they 
accumulated through centralized methods. 150,000 Gmail extension 
users, through which FullContact collects data. 
 

• Hunter.io. Hunter.io is a very popular contact search service on highly-
visited sites as well as on LinkedIn. 250,000 Chrome extension users, 
who centrally seed the database for further data sale. Their most 
critical short-coming is lack of mailing list services. 
 
Other shortcomings that should be noted include the lack of mailing 
lists and limited email verifier, which does not check emails for 
existence, even for large webmail services like gmail.com and 
yahoomail.com. In addition, Hunter.io has revealed that they soon 
plan to shut down their Chrome extension for LinkedIn. 

 

• Skrappio. Skrappio is a service with 10,000 users. One advantage 
includes the ability to search all of LinkedIn’s webpages (their Chrome 
extension automatically goes through LinkedIn profiles), and retrieval 
of profiles from groups within LinkedIn. However, the quality of the 
generated data is severely lacking, and tests showed that one third of 
the email addresses bounced when contacted. They do not have an 
email verifier. In addition, users have recently reported that they have  
 

 

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   28 

 
 
a difficult time finding actual emails. There are few emails from Asia, 
apparently the company’s small database of emails from that region is 
used to ‘guess’ possible emails. 

 

• RocketReach. RocketReach has 50,000 users. They have a good, 
updateable and detailed database that allows for data enrichment by 
finding not just “professional,” but also personal, email addresses. 
Their price for a single search is higher than the market rate, averaging 
at $0.30. There is an API, but there’s no way to verify email addresses.  
 

• ZenProspect. ZenProspect has a database and good targeted 
searching, and we saw no complaints about their services. Customers 
can automatically make and use email listservs through an external 
service. The service, however, is very expensive – starting at 
$650/month for 750 leads. They also do not disclose their data 
sources. 
 
Discoverly. Discoverly has 25,000 extension users. It provides data 
enrichment through Gmail, LinkedIn, and Twitter. Their data fields 
include expanded criteria like “job field.” But a shortcoming is the 
slowly working extension that does not respond on Facebook and 
LinkedIn. 
 
 

  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   29 

Token Sale 

By conducting a public token crowdsale and releasing tokens, we are offering 
willing individuals the opportunity to participate in the establishment of an entirely 
new type of lead generation business – a business based on the idea of 
crowdsourcing data collection and using blockchain technology to make it happen. 

TOKEN SALE 
 
Issuing tokens is an inevitable infrastructural necessity for Snovio’s crowdsourcing 
model and marketplace to function. This will allow us to effectively organize an 
internal project economy, which will in turn allow for an unlimited number of users 
to participate in our project. 
 
Tokens can simultaneously be used as an internal currency to reward contributors 
for adding new and updated data to the system. 
 
Snovio’s operating version already allows for a crowdsourcing data collection 
component; however, servicedoes not function at full capacity because it lacks a 
financial incentive that benefits all users. By adding an internal currency, we plan to 
substantially grow both the number of active contributors and the volume of the 
stream of new data into our system. 
 
The majority of tokens in the Token Sale will be sold to buyers for a nominal price 
of $0.01 USD. We will then buy tokens (for the purpose of rewarding contributors 
for their work) from the exchange, as required, once the initial pool has been 
expended. The resources we get from the token sale will be used to attract 
contributors in order to create a huge database for lead generation, as well as to 
aggressively market our product.  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   30 

Token Sale Structure  

We will release 2,5 billion tokens with the ticker symbol SNOV for the Token Sale 
(website tokensale.snov.io) at a base price of $0.01 USD. The tokens will be 
allocated in the following manner: 
 
 

• 60% will be distributed through the Token Sale; 
- 40% of which will be sold 
- 20% of which will be reserved to pay bonuses 

 

• 27.8% of the tokens will be reserved for the Snovio team; 
 

• 10% will be reserved to reward early contributors (data miners); 
 

• 1.2% will be distributed as a bounty towards marketing and Token Sale 
promotion; 
 

• 1% will be given to partners and advisers. 

 
 
 
Through conducting the Token Sale, we plan to attract up to $10 million, 
distributing up to 1,000,000,000 tokens to Snovio participants. Tokens meant for 
but not distributed by the Token Sale (60%)  will be burnt after the completion of 
the Token Sale. . Burning of tokens will lead to fast occurrence of tokens’ scarcity, 
especially in view of the growing number of platform’s users (contributors and 
customers). Thus, it is possible to forecast a prompt token rate growth (comparing 
to the fixed amount of tokens before and after the Token Sale). 
 
During the Token Sale, tokens can be acquired for major cryptocurrencies - Bitcoin, 
Ethereum, LiteCoin, and maybe others. 
 

https://snov.io/
https://tokensale.snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   31 

SNOV tokens are released on the basis of the Ethereum blockchain technology, ERC 
20 standard. 
 
We will consider the Token Sale successful, when we have sold tokens for $10,000 
or at the last day of the Token Sale (November 30).   

LIMITATIONS ON THE TOKEN SALE  
 
Citizens and taxpaying residents of the following countries cannot participate in the 
Snovio’s Token Sale:  
 

 

• USA 

• Puerto Rico 

• Guam 

• Singapore 

• American Virgin Islands 

 

BONUSES AND BOUNTIES 
 
Private Token Sale  

Private token presale will start on September 4 and run until October 27, 2017. 
 
Bonuses  

It is possible to take advantage of the following bonuses during the Token Sale: 
  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   32 

• 25% bonus for purchases over $50,000 during the presale; 

• 15% bonus for purchases from $5,000 to $50,000 during the presale; 

• 10% bonus on the first day of the Token Sale; 

• 5% bonus during the first week of the Token Sale. 

 
 
Bounties 

Aside from the bonuses, we are also harboring up to 1,2% from the total number of 
tokens to reward individuals for supporting the Snovio Token Sale.  
 

• Bitcointalk.org Signature and Avatar Campaign — 12 500 000 SNOV; 

• Blog and Media Publications — 6 500 000 SNOV; 

• Translation and Moderation — 5 000 000 SNOV; 

• Facebook Campaign — 3 000 000 SNOV; 

• Twitter Campaign — 3 000 000 SNOV.  

 

Bonuses earned during the bounty-campaign will be credited to the participants’ 
accounts within a week after the closing of the Token Sale. 

  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   33 

APPLICATION OF RAISED FUNDS  
 
The funds raised through the Token Sale will be applied in the following ways over 
the course of the next two years:  
 

• $3 million – Expanding and strengthening our team (development, 
marketing, sales department) in our Kiev office and opening two new 
offices (most likely in Dublin and New York). Hiring and retaining legal 
protection for all key markets. 
 

• $2 million – Enhancing system efficiency. This includes distributing 
servers in different places around the world to increase system stability 
and the system’s overall speed. 
 

• $5 million – Marketing and PR. This includes exhibitions at all key 
conferences, exhibitions, and events dedicated to lead generation, 
sales, and marketing. 
 

• $2 million – Attracting new contributors to the system. 
 

• $2 million – Promoting the idea of crowdsourcing data collection and 
decentralized lead generation across the world.  
 

• $1 million – Reserve fund. 

 
 
We have outlined the following thresholds for our raised funds which will allow us 
to reach higher quality and higher quantity results: 
  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   34 

 Sum of Funds Development Goals 

$3 million 
 
 

Active team recruitment, and enhancing platform 
production and fault tolerance. Investing in attracting 
the maximum number of contributors for the system, as 
this is the most critical moment in expanding a quality 
and up-to-date database for lead generation. Detailed 
legal study of system functionality across all key 
markets, protection of intellectual property, 
crowdsourcing data collection patents, and trademarks. 
Starting our marketing activities, like: SEO-optimization 
and paid traffic (AdWords, Yandex.Direct). 

$6 million Substantially increasing our marketing activities through 
paid traffic (AdWords, Bing, Yandex.Direct), paid 
publications in blogs and social networks, and 
collaborating with tech trend-setters and opinion-
influencers. Furthermore, this will require marketing 
targeted at attracting new contributors, as well as 
marketing targeted at potential medium and large 
business clients. Recruiting individuals for our sales 
department who are specifically adept at working with 
medium and large business clients. 

$10 million 
 
 

Active participation with our own exhibition stand at 
the expositions and conferences on lead generation, 
marketing, and sales (USA, Russia, China, Great Britain, 
Germany, France). This will allow us to attract a steady 
stream of clients from medium and large businesses 
with large checks and long contracts. 

 
  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   35 

SNOV Token Mechanism 
 
SNOV tokens are released based on Ethereum blockchain, ERC 20 Token Standard 
and are used as a mechanism for internal accounting between data contributors 
and data customers. 
 
Tokens can be acquired through the Token Sale, received in return for sourcing 
(contributing) new data, and purchased inside the platform itself. 
 
Tokens can be used to purchase data for lead generation and other Snovio’s 
services. Price of a data unit is set in internal credits of the service, that will be 
purchased for SNOV tokens. 
 

Motivating Contributors  
 
Contributors will receive a reward for installing the plugin which automatically adds 
new data to the system (500 SNOV), as well as for adding new data. The reward will 
be 70% of the price of data purchased by the customer denominated in SNOV 
tokens. It’s important to point out that the same data can be purchased more than 
one time, meaning contributors can earn on each piece of data they provide more 
than once – significantly increasing their earnings. 
 
Contributor also receives a reward from a customer, who places an order for 
searching particular data (leads, links to their social network profiles, names, 
surnames, job titles etc.). 

SNOV TOKEN TECHNICAL ASPECTS 
 
SNOV tokens are created on the Ethereum platform based on ERC-20 standard. The 
total amount of 2,5 billion tokens will be issued, 60% of which or 1,5 billion will be 
available for purchase during the Token Sale. Tokens from this 60% pool that will 
not be sold at the end of the main Token sale (November 30) are burnt or 
destroyed. Thus, the amount of tokens in circulation will depend on the number of 
tokens sold during the Token Sale. This is necessary to protect the tokens’ 
purchasers from prolonged decrease of token value due to gradual introduction of 

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   36 

the excess tokens’ amount in circulation. Tokens can be fractionalized to the eighth 
digit past the decimal point. 

TOKEN ECONOMY 
 
We have developed several different economic aspects with the tokenization of the 
Snovio business model that take into account the interests of all parties. 
 

Model for Token Value Growth 
 
In its nature, SNOV token is an indicator of belonging to Snovio service. Our token 
is some kind of fuel required for interaction with the platform’s functionality. 
Becoming an internal currency, it will be used for accounting for provided services. 
Theoretically, SNOV token, trading on the exchange will become a speculative tool 
for initial buyers (exchange rate is usually affected by success/failures of the 
company, big news etc.). This way, it is likely that the value of each token can grow 
with the growth of the popularity of Snovio among users of the service. 
 
Tokens will actively be used for internal accounting between the platform and 
contributors. 
 
The platform itself has reserved a 10% pool of the total created number of tokens, 
this reserve will be used explicitly for the purpose of rewarding data contributors. 
At increasing volume of transactions within the platform, it might be required to 
buyback tokens from exchanges at the current market price, which will positively 
influence their value. At registering a contributor’s account, each data supplier will 
automatically receive 500 SNOV tokens on the account. 
 
Data customers can also purchase data using either money or tokens. This means 
that a customer who bought a token at a low price has the opportunity to acquire a 
substantially greater amount of data for lead generation in the future. Therefore, 
we assume that  it only makes sense to purchase tokens at their low, starting price 
to then later exchange them within the system for data for lead generation. 
 
It’s worth noting that when paying for Snovio’s services with tokens, the overall 
number of tokens in open circulation will temporarily decrease, which will have a 

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   37 

positive effect on their value. Tokens that came back to the system will be used to 
reward contributors. 
 

Advantages for Early Token-Holders 
 
Snovio’s full potential can become evident once it reaches an internal database of 
comparable size to its primary competitors. 
 
Thereby, early buyers and contributors can have a high likelihood of significantly 
increasing their earnings. 
 
Contributors who add new, previously absent, data to the system gain significant 
advantages in the distribution of revenue from sales of that data to future clients. 
 
Early token holder will be able to buy a greater data volume with time, provided a 
significant increase in SNOV token’s market value. 
 

Tokens Buyback 
 
When needed, Snovio will buy tokens back from exchanges at a current market 
price to reward contributors. 
  
Conducting the Token Sale, we reserve 10% of all tokens emitted as a reward pool. 
Accordingly, the smaller this pool is and the more actively contributors add new 
data to the system, the sooner this pool will be exhausted, and the faster we will 
begin to buy the tokens back from exchanges, when needed. 
  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   38 

Our Team  

The idea for Snovio was born in the fall of 2016, when we started actively buying 
up leads for a company where some of us worked in marketing and lead 
generation. This was when we were faced with a tangible problem: the low-quality 
of information available for purchase. 
 
We started researching this issue and came to the realization that the root of this 
problem can be traced to the centralized method of parsing data from a single 
course. This method is the primary one used to collect information from open 
sources; however, this method in no way guarantees the verity or actionability of 
the information collected or its quick updating when that information becomes 
obsolete. 
 
Seeing as we didn’t find any solutions to those problems available on the market, 
we decided to put together a team and create our own service. It took us about 
half a year, and we already attracted our first clients in May 2017. 

MANAGEMENT 

 

• Alexis Kratko — Project CEO (Kyiv, Ukraine) 
He has brought the platform from the idea development stage to 100 paying customers 
and financial sustainability in just 5 months.  Before Snovio, he participated in the 
development of other products in the field of email marketing, and was responsible for 
email deliverability issues. In the early stages of his career, he used to be a part of 
customer care in different projects, and later he was promoted to Support Team 
Manager.  
 

• Rodion Yaremenko — CTO (Kyiv, Ukraine) 
Creator of the high-level architecture of Snovio application. Has managed to build a fail-
safe system, more than 14 persons are now working on, in several months. Before 
Snovio, he was involved in Software testing, graduated from technological university with 
a degree in computer systems and networks. 

 

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   39 

 

• Daria Shevchenko — CMO (Kyiv, Ukraine) 
Coordinates the department of marketing specialists and web designers. She also used to 
work in support and sales department in previous projects.  
 

• Julia Zubok — Marketing & Customer care (Kyiv, Ukraine)  
Customer support in Snovio. Experience working in IT companies in Canada and Ukraine. 

 

Advisors 

 

Alexander Borodich (Moscow, Russia) 

Alexander was named "The Most Active Business angel in Russia" by 
Russian Venture Company. He is a managing partner of marketing 
communication agency Future Action, founder of the fifth largest in Europe 
crowd-investing platform VentureClub.co. He is founder of Russian 
cryptocurrency and investor in more than 70 projects. Former Chief 
Marketing Officer at Mail.ru Group. In 2003-2013, he was the head of 
Economics & Mathematics School of MSU. 

Graduated from Moscow Institute of Electronics and Mathematics in 1999, 
finished postgraduate study at the same university in 2003. In 2008, he 
received MBA degree at Stockholm School of Economics 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Renato Almeida (Brasília, Brazil) 

Advises on the issues related to jurisdiction, legalization and compliance. 
Former legal advisor of the Minex.io and Trueflip.io projects. Experienced 
community manager has worked on several blockchain related projects 
and formerly has engaged in the software development for Brazilian 
government where held executive positions. Lawyer postgraduated in 
Public Law and Constitutional Law. 

lTJDFT - Tribunal de Justiça do Distrito Federal e dos Territórios 

Support Agent · Brasília, Brazil - TrueFlip.io (Legal Adviser and Support 
Team Leader · April 2017 to July 2017) 
Education: UniCEUB (Direito · Brasília, Brazi) 

 

https://snov.io/
https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mail.ru
https://www.facebook.com/TJDFToficial/
https://www.facebook.com/TJDFToficial/
https://www.facebook.com/TrueFlip.io/
https://www.facebook.com/uniceub/


White Paper   
Snov.io   40 

  

Tomoaki Sato (Tokyo, Japan) 

Starbase Founder, passionate about bringing blockchain token financial 
technology for everyone easy to challenge new innovative projects. Pastly, 
Tomoaki did blockchain tech meetups in Japan in order to make the place 
for communication between Japanese engineers and global engineers, and 
to share the knowledge on cryptocurrency and blockchain technology. 

Graduated from Waseda University 

Past: Kaisei High School and 開成中学校 (Kaisei Junior High School) 
Lives in Shibuya, Tokyo 

Shortly after entering the university, Tomoaki began his journey in the field 
of IT, he founded islamap, a cartographic platform for Muslims in Japan. 
Then he began studying Bitcoin and blockchain and its application for 
Islamic financing. But he was soon attracted by the decentralization 
technology and philosophy itself. He is founder of Smart Contract Japan, 
and such local meetups as Smart Contract Meetup. 

 

 

Alexey Girin (New York, USA) 

Advisor, venture capitalist, founder of Starta Capital fund and the first 
successful US-based accelerator for Western European projects, 
successfully conducted an ICO that raised $5 million to finance startups. 

Business angel, private investor. He spent more than 15 years working in 
the field of audit and finances, and more than 10 years in the field of 
venture capital. MA in Economics. 

  2000 - 2004 Co-Founder, Партнер в AFD Consulting 
  2000 – 2004 (4 years) 
  1998 – 2000 (2 years) CFO Finist (FMCG holding) CFO 

 

 

Eugene Medvednikov (Saint Petersburg, Russia) 

Experienced mentor and investor. Eugene helps Snovio with his experience 
and insight into what it takes to build a successful startup. Angel investor 
with 10+ projects, Unisender x30 exit, Insense, Cindicator investor. 

More than 15 years of experience in the field of web-marketing, founder of 
StaffCop (information security) and UniSender (email marketing).  

He has invested in such projects as iBuildApp (platform for applications’ 
creation), Coursmos (online learning platform), Convextra (plugin for data 
extraction from websites), Telefacer (service for telephone consultations 
with experts), and MyTips (tutorial builder for site interfaces). Average 
check - $100,000. 

 

 

https://snov.io/
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Shibuya-Tokyo/114600441890814
https://ru.linkedin.com/title/co-founder%2C-partner?trk=pprofile_title
https://ru.linkedin.com/title/cfo?trk=pprofile_title
https://ru.linkedin.com/title/cfo?trk=pprofile_title


White Paper   
Snov.io   41 

 

Kairat Kaliyev (New York, USA) 

Founder of Cross Coin, which successfully conducted Starta’s ICO and 
attracted $5 million. Currently developing FinTech direction at Astana 
International Financial Centre, specializing in project development. 

Education: 
 - Al-Farabi Kazakh National University 
 - Moscow State Institute of International Relations run by the Ministry of 
Foreign Affairs of Russia 
 - Peoples' Friendship University of Russia 
 - Al-Farabi Kazakh National University 
 

 

ESCROW 

 

   
 

 
Starta Accelerator (New York, USA) 

Starta Accelerator (New York, USA) will act as the guarantor of appropriate 
expenditures. 

 

 
 
 

TECHNOLOGICAL PARTNER  

 

   
 

 
Token Rockets (New York, USA) 

Scales businesses through implementing Blockchain Technology. 

 

 
 
 

 
  

https://snov.io/


White Paper   
Snov.io   42 

Additional Information  

PUBLICATIONS ABOUT US  
 
English Language 

• http://www.nibletz.com/international/ukraine/find-important-people-snovio 

• http://recruitingtools.com/get-emails-linkedin-profiles-websites-businesses-snov-io/ 

• https://roycerecruitment.wordpress.com/2017/07/10/what-is-in-my-recruitment-tool-box/ 

• https://startupradius.com/how-to-extract-email-contacts-from-websites-and-linkedin-with-snovio/ 

• https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/snovio - /entity 

• http://adriantan.com.sg/snovio/ 

• http://www.the-blockchain.com/2017/09/07/snovio-lead-generation-sourcing-platform-released/ 

• http://cryptosrus.com/snovio-lead-generation-sourcing-platform-released/ 

• http://www.cryptosmile.com/2017/08/what-to-know-about-snovio-for-such-the-great-investment-
ideas.html 

• https://thebitcoinnews.com/snovio-lead-generation-and-sourcing-platform-has-been-released-2/ 

• https://btcmanager.com/decentralizing-lead-generation-snovio-ico-launch/ 

• https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/snovio-lead-generation-sourcing-platform-released/ 

• https://cryptoinsider.com/snovio-lead-generation-sourcing-platform-released/ 

 
Chinese Language 

• https://waimaoquan.alibaba.com/bbs/read-htm-tid-3085673-fid-309.html?tracelog=wmqxb_jrjd2 - 
Forum discussing Snovio and several pages of positive reviews and commentary.  

  

https://snov.io/
•%09http:/www.nibletz.com/international/ukraine/find-important-people-snovio
http://recruitingtools.com/get-emails-linkedin-profiles-websites-businesses-snov-io/
https://roycerecruitment.wordpress.com/2017/07/10/what-is-in-my-recruitment-tool-box/
https://startupradius.com/how-to-extract-email-contacts-from-websites-and-linkedin-with-snovio/
https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/snovio#/entity
http://adriantan.com.sg/snovio/
http://www.the-blockchain.com/2017/09/07/snovio-lead-generation-sourcing-platform-released/
http://cryptosrus.com/snovio-lead-generation-sourcing-platform-released/
http://www.cryptosmile.com/2017/08/what-to-know-about-snovio-for-such-the-great-investment-ideas.html
http://www.cryptosmile.com/2017/08/what-to-know-about-snovio-for-such-the-great-investment-ideas.html
https://thebitcoinnews.com/snovio-lead-generation-and-sourcing-platform-has-been-released-2/
https://btcmanager.com/decentralizing-lead-generation-snovio-ico-launch/
https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/snovio-lead-generation-sourcing-platform-released/
https://cryptoinsider.com/snovio-lead-generation-sourcing-platform-released/
https://waimaoquan.alibaba.com/bbs/read-htm-tid-3085673-fid-309.html?tracelog=wmqxb_jrjd2


White Paper   
Snov.io   43 

Contact Information  

General Business Contact Information 

Website - snov.io  

Email - help@snov.io  

Phone number - 1 (347) 705 0819 

Facebook - www.facebook.com/snovioapp/ 

 

Token Sale - Specific Contacts 

Website - tokensale.snov.io 

Email - ico@snov.io  

English Telegram Messenger - t.me/snovio_ico 

Russian Telegram Messenger - t.me/snovio_ico_rus  

Twitter - twitter.com/snovio_ico 

Facebook - www.facebook.com/Snovio-ICO-147118702534568/ 

BitconTalk forum - bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2111272 

  

https://snov.io/
https://snov.io/
mailto:help@snov.io
https://www.facebook.com/snovioapp/
https://tokensale.snov.io/
mailto:ico@snov.io
https://t.me/snovio_ico
https://t.me/snovio_ico_rus
https://twitter.com/snovio_ico
https://www.facebook.com/Snovio-ICO-147118702534568/
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2111272


White Paper   
Snov.io   44 

This Token sale whitepaper and the documents attached thereto or associated 
wherewith contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the 
Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, which are subject to the safe harbor 
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking 
statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding anticipated use of 
proceeds from the Token sale, are based on current expectations, estimates and 
projections about our industry, Company management’s beliefs, and assumptions made 
by Company management. Words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” 
“believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” and variations of such words and similar expressions are 
intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and 
assumptions that are difficult to predict; therefore, actual results may differ materially 
from those expressed or forecasted in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of 
factors, including, without limitation, our ability to meet the minimum Token sale 
amount, if any, unanticipated costs and expenses related to the Token sale, changes in 
Company’s financial condition or business strategy that impact the use of proceeds from 
the Token sale, and other factors. The risks and uncertainties include those noted in “Risk 
Factors” document provided in connection with the Token sale (available on Token sale 
website). Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements in this 
whitepaper or any associated materials, which are based on information available to 
Company on the date hereof. Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-
looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, 
except to the extent that Company is required to do so by law. 
 
To the extent the Tokens sold in connection with this Token Sale may be securities under 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, these Tokens are offered only outside of the United States to 
non-U.S. persons, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended. These Tokens have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. Persons 
absent registration or under an applicable exemption from the registration requirements 
and the purchasers should not assume they will be able to resell their Tokens. Neither 
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state regulator has passed upon the 
merits of or given its approval to the Tokens, the terms of the Token Sale, or the accuracy 
or completeness of any associated materials. Buying Tokens involves risks, and 
purchasers should be able to bear the loss of their entire purchase. All purchasers should 
make their own determination of whether or not to make any purchase, based on their 
own independent evaluation and analysis. 

https://snov.io/

