











































DECENTRALIZED SPORTS
INVESTMENT & FUNDING 
ECOSYSTEM

White Paper



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             2

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

Everyone loves sport. It drives us to challenge our limits, keeping us healthier, happier and 

passionately motivated. Sport boosts self-esteem and brings people closer together. Yet the 

sports industry today is an enormous, trillion-dollar commercial enterprise involving countless 

participants on all levels of economic activity, where goods and services are traded daily all 

over the world.

Athletes, especially up-and-coming ones at the outset of their professional careers, face many 

issues when it comes to funding their training and participation in worldwide competitions. 

Many athletes depend exclusively on institutions that control financing in sport, which then own 

their image rights and career path. Many clubs and other sports organizations also frequently 

struggle with financial and liquidity issues, lacking channels to monetize their fans' attention. 

SportyFi is about to change this.

SportyFi will provide the wider global community with ways to invest in sport, giving both 

fans and potential investors the tools to directly participate in one of the biggest and fastest 

growing industries. By disrupting the existing model of sports participation financing, SportyFi 

will allow the sports community to raise funds independently across the world, creating brand 

new strategies for investment into sport. To achieve this, SportyFi will launch a Smart Manager 

Platform and a SportyFi Professional Fund.

SportyFi, a decentralized sports ecosystem, is set to facilitate change and reshape the sports 

financing industry. It will be a smart ecosystem, a global community that runs on the Ethereum 

platform, utilizing smart contract capacities and other benefits of the blockchain revolution to 

minimize the logistical issues and related costs, and to maximize potential for low-overhead, 

secure and instant transactions between the participants in the sports economy, alongside 

new ways for athletes and sports entities to reach funding opportunities.

The present document illuminates SportyFi’s vision for the utilization of blockchain technology 

in the sports financing industry, in addition to explaining and introducing the SportyFi Token 

(SPF) as a utility token of value fueling the SportyFi ecosystem. Integrated within the SPF Token 

smart contract will be the utility function of a DAO, in the form of the SportyFi ecosystem 

consensus platform, enabling voting on future proposals.



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             3

1. THE IDEA BEHIND SPORTYFI

The blockchain technology revolution enables SportyFi to actively participate in the coming 

paradigm shift in the sports industry, reaching for goals that were beyond the horizon of realistic 

implementation before the advent of blockchain.

SportyFi facilitates a revolution in the world of sports financing, providing a direct financial 

connection between athletes, sports clubs and sports organizations on the one hand, and the 

general public of fans, sports enthusiasts and individual businesspeople on the other. SportyFi 

will not only add an additional player to the sports industry, it will rather establish a completely 

new (sub)industry. It will create blockchain-based possibilities which were not possible or 

existing to date. 

2.  THE DEPLOYMENT OF THE SPORTYFI  
FINANCING ECOSYSTEM

The roadmap to the full deployment of the SportyFi financing ecosystem is extensive, divided 

into three basic Phases:

Phase 1: Token Crowdsale Phase

Phase 2: Platform Development and Deployment Phase, SportyFi’s Fund Initiation

Phase 3: Platform and Fund Optimization, Marketing and Monetization Phase

The SportyFi Token will be a fully ERC20 compatible utility token of value. Token Symbol: SPF.

During the SPF Token Pre-Crowdsale and Crowdsale, a total of up to 200 million of 

non-mineable SPF Tokens will be issued. Contributions will be made available in ETH (Ethereum) 

only. Each ETH contributed for the entire duration of the SPF Token Crowdsale will entitle the 

contributor to approx. 2,500 SPF Tokens (the exact amount to be calculated and determined 

one day before the SPF Token Crowdsale starts, depending on the then value of ETH). 

Out of up to 200 million SPF Tokens:

 »  up to 134,000,000 SPF Tokens (67%) will be distributed to the contributors in the SPF Token 
Pre-Crowdsale and Crowdsale; 

 » up to 36,000,000 SPF Tokens (18%) will be distributed to the Founders and Team;
 »  up to 20,000,000 SPF Tokens (10%) will be distributed to the Advisors and Ambassadors; 

and

 »  up to 10,000,000 SPF Tokens  (5%) are assigned for future incentives for fast growth (e.g. 
strategic future partnerships).

The SPF Token Crowdsale will be open for 17 days from its launch. The smart contract will 

generate SPF Tokens immediately upon receiving ETH at its address. In due time, after the 

Token Crowdsale reaches its hard cap or closes after 17 days, whichever occurs first, the SPF 

Tokens will be released to the contributors and to SportyFi Ltd, according to the split outlined 

above. Each ETH contributed will generate a corresponding number of SPF Tokens (approx. 

2,500 SPF Tokens for the contributor, plus potential bonuses and a corresponding amount of 

SPF Tokens to be distributed to SportyFi Ltd).

PHASE 1: 

THE SPORTYFI 

TOKEN CROWDSALE



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             4

A 10% bonus will be allocated to:

 » contributors who contribute within 72 hours of the SPF Token Crowdsale launch; or 
 » contributors who contribute over 100 ETH.

Please note: each contributor cannot receive a bonus in excess of 10% (even if they contribute 

within 72 hours of the SPF Token Crowdsale launch with more than 100 ETH). No other bonus 

of any kind or nature will be offered subsequently. SportyFi Ltd however reserves the right to 

introduce an SPF Token Pre-Crowdsale contribution period (by invitation only), where the 

bonus for the exclusive duration of the SPF Token Pre-Crowdsale contribution period may 

be up to 15% (at the discretion of SportyFi Ltd). SPF Tokens, based on the funds raised during 

the Token Pre-Crowdsale contribution period, will be generated and distributed several hours 

prior to the start of the official SPF Token Crowdsale. The SPF Tokens distributed during the 

Token Pre-Crowdsale contribution period will not exceed 70% of all the available SPF Tokens 

assigned to the contributors (in other words, during the SPF Token Pre-Crowdsale not more 

than 93.800.000 SPF Tokens out of 134,000,000 SPF Tokens will be distributed).

The Token's base price will be set one day before the SPF Token Crowdsale starts. Similarly, 

the ETH/USD exchange rate will be locked based on the market exchange rate as of one day 

before the SPF Token Crowdsale starts and shall remain valid for the entire duration of the SPF 

Token Crowdsale.

The SPF Token Crowdsale will be successful if during the SPF Token Pre-Crowdsale and SPF 

Token Crowdsale period at least USD 1,500,000 is contributed. If the SPF Token Crowdsale is 

not successful (i.e. in case less than USD 1,500,000 is contributed), all contributed funds will be 

returned to the contributors. The hard cap is set at USD 16 million (minus potential bonuses).

SMART MANAGER PLATFORM DEVELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT PHASE, SPORTYFI 

PROFESSIONAL FUND INITIATION

SportyFi will consist of two main pillars, the Smart Manager Platform and the SportyFi 

Professional Fund. 

Depending on the amount of funds contributed, SportyFi will first develop and deploy the Smart 

Manager Platform (divided into two phases, the Donations Module if up to USD 3.5 million is 

contributed and thereafter the Investment Module if over USD 3.5 million is contributed). If over 

USD 9,000,000 is contributed, the excess, up to the hard cap, will be assigned to the SportyFi 

Professional Fund.

PHASE 2: 



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             5

SportyFi's Smart Manager Platform facilitates a revolution in the world of sports financing, 

providing a direct financial connection between the athletes, sports clubs and organizations 

with the public of fans, sports enthusiasts and individual businesspeople.

The Smart Manager Platform is a blockchain-based sports crowdfunding platform, acting as 

an intermediary connecting those with an active need for funding with contributing crowds 

on a micro level. The Smart Manager Platform can be used by anyone connected with sport, 

whether an athlete, a team, a club or any other sports organization (to simplify this White Paper, 

we will hereby provide a theoretical athlete's presentation, while the same rules apply for any 

other participants, such as teams, clubs and other sport organizations, with corresponding 

modifications).

It will offer athletes, sports clubs and organizations a blockchain-based platform where they are 

able to create profiles listing their current achievements and plans for the future, and the types of 

investment they are looking for in order to finance their goals. SportyFi will offer crowdfunding 

possibilities for athletes, sports clubs and organizations. On the other end, the SportyFi Smart 

Manager Platform will enable the public to get involved in sport on a personal level, acquiring 

a stake, for instance, in the career path of a young athlete by supporting them financially as 

they progress. The crowd is always stronger than the individual!

Until SportyFi, only major conglomerates, corporations and people commanding extensive 

amounts of capital were able to participate in the sports financing industry. SportyFi will turn the 

tables in this regard, giving the power of sports financing to the public—the fans. Each individual 

will have the opportunity to directly support their favorite athlete or club, reaping the rewards 

of their success. In addition to simple donations, smart investment contracts will allow fans and 

sports enthusiasts to invest directly into athletes, clubs or other sport organizations, with the 

aim of possible future returns. On these grounds, SportyFi introduces a brand new industry of 

crowd micro-financing, which provides athletes, clubs and organizations with macro-funding 

on their respective end.

By leveraging the SportyFi Smart Manager Platform, any fan or sports enthusiast can become 

a sports investor, depending on their interests and values.

The Platform will have two main pillars: a cryptocurrency-based donations platform (the 

Donations Module), and a cryptocurrency financial reward-based platform (the Investment 

Module).

SPORTYFI SMART 

MANAGER PLATFORM

USD CONTRIBUTED ACTION

0 – USD 1,499,999
Token Crowdsale is not successful (all invested funds will 
be returned to the investors)

USD 1,500,000 – USD 3,499,999
Development and Deployment of the Donations Module 
within the Smart Manager Platform

USD 3,500,000 – USD 8,999,999
Development and Deployment of the Investment 
Module within the Smart Manager Platform

USD 9,000,000 – up to the amount of the hard cap of 
USD 16 million (less potential bonuses)

Allocation of the Funds into the SportyFi Professional 
Fund



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             6

Below is the concept of the SportyFi Smart Manager Platform landing page:



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             7

The Donations Module will offer athletes a blockchain-based platform where they are able 

to create profiles listing their current achievements and plans for the future, and their specific 

crowdfunding goals. Opening an account on SportyFi will be guided by SportyFi's detailed 

instructions, and will be free of charge.

A detailed presentation of the athlete is crucial for a successful crowdfunding campaign. 

Instructions embedded in the platform will guide each athlete to provide the best story for the 

donors, set the fundraising target, upload photos and provide engaging videos. Furthermore, 

he platform will offer each athlete predetermined options for givebacks (small gifts or a simple 

thank you note in a letter, signed card or even a signed jersey, public social channels thank you 

notice, ticket for the next game, and similar), while each athlete will also be presented with the 

option to generate their own custom givebacks.

Athletes will be free to specify their crowdfunding goals related to the core sport activities, 

decide what purpose the funds are raised for (e.g. costs of training or equipment, travel and 

accommodation costs to attend competitions, participation fees, etc.). Each athlete will also be 

free to decide if, and what kinds of givebacks they will offer to their donors. Wise planning is key 

in this regard—the athlete's chances for a successful crowdfunding campaign or sponsorship 

request rely heavily on the quality of their profile, the career trajectory and generation of 

accompanying content such as professional photos and videos. A solid sports history (and 

personal story) backed up with social media links and achievements might boost their chances 

further. Setting the right funding goal and duration of the campaign will likewise be important. 

The specifics are up to the athlete, while SportyFi will offer adequate guidance in the form of 

clear instructions and pre-written advice in the form of Q&As. Furthermore, SportyFi's back 

office will provide live guidance and counseling sessions.

SportyFi is very strict on the KYC check and will dedicate considerable resources to preventing 

fraud or the creation of fake accounts, and any other potential embezzlement. SportyFi's back 

office will be assigned the task of verifying the authenticity of the person or entity and their 

profile (e.g. a copy of personal identity card, utility bill or similar documents will be requested 

for submission and in certain cases also a live video (e.g. Skype) conference will be performed, 

before the profile is published). Each profile created will be checked and pre-approved by 

SportyFi prior to publication, to ensure that the person under whose name the campaign is 

running is in fact the account holder. SportyFi's back office will regularly monitor and redact 

the content of the platform, as well as edit or delete any inappropriate material. 

An athlete campaigning on the Donations Module and opening their personal account will be 

assigned a personal SPF-compatible wallet (ERC20) with a unique personal key for the transfer 

of SPF Tokens (while, within the Donations Module only, SportyFi might introduce an option for 

donations in ETH cryptocurrency or in other tokens of value, depending on popular demand 

and technical capabilities).

DONATIONS 

MODULE



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             8

Once an athlete opens their personal account, they can start campaigning, and from that 

moment on, success will predominantly lie in their own hands, and those of their networking 

supporters. If they catch the right momentum and their strategy is sound, backed by realistic 

potential, they will likely succeed in attracting financial interest. The campaign's visibility is 

up to the athlete's network from that point on, available for promotion on social media, with 

supporters, friends, relatives, fans and the general public. SportyFi's back office, however, looks 

to also actively assist promising athletes with profile management tasks, so that their fundraising 

campaign has an optimal chance of success.

Upon the conclusion of a campaign, SportyFi's back office will guide the athlete in the collection 

of the funds and the exchange of the SPF Tokens into fiat currency, if so requested, and will 

offer any other support required.

For each donation made over the Donations Module, SportyFi will charge a fixed transaction 

fee of 5%. All the SPF Tokens contributed to an athlete will be made available to the athlete—

minus the above specified fixed transaction fee of 5%. Different fees might apply, exclusively in 

the case of charity projects or discounted campaigns. 

As with any case of donations, the donors are solely responsible for any applicable tax 

deductibility and each athlete or recipient of donations will be responsible for the reporting 

and payment of all the applicable taxes in their country of residence.

Furthermore, SportyFi will offer additional payable services within the Donations Module:

 » detailed support and counseling in running a personal profile and devising the best 
campaign    strategy (other than the general support described above); 

 » payment for an account exposure placement in the “Featured” area, or for other campaign 
promotion services; 

 » advertising space on the SportyFi Donations Module.

Below is the concept of an athlete's personal profile and the basic available features in the 

Donations Module:

Actions after the 

end of campaign in the 

Donations Module

Additional Payable 

Services Offered by 

SportyFi within the 

Donations Module



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             9

The purpose of the SPF Token within the Donations Module will be:

 » to make donations;
 » to purchase support from SportyFi in relation to profile management and campaign strategy;
 » to purchase special features, such as the “Featured section” or “Hot pick” and similar features. 

Claire is 18, a highly promising tennis player. She was just invited to play at a prominent 

tournament in London. Her parents are facing severe liquidity issues. She'll have to cancel 

the trip since she cannot afford the USD 7,000+ travel and accommodation costs. However, 

she decides to open a personal account on the SportyFi Smart Manager Platform and ask for 

donations. She designs an appealing profile with detailed description of her achievements and 

career trajectory, accompanied by photos and with a short video addressing the contributors. 

With personal network engagement and some buzz, within 12 days of her campaign start, she 

reaches the set crowdfunding goal of USD 7,000. She receives exactly 7,000 SPF Tokens (the 

value of 1 SPF Token at that moment is USD 1.07) into her wallet from 487 donors (she had a 

great Facebook campaign so 37% of the funds collected are from her Facebook friends, while 

other donors were persuaded separately using, among other channels, the SportyFi platform 

profile with a detailed description of her achievements and career trajectory). After the 5% 

deduction of the transaction fee, charged by SportyFi, her wallet is richer for 6,650 SPF Tokens. 

Since the SPF Token is liquid on several exchanges, she is able to sell them at the market price 

of USD 1.07, and within 5 days receives the amount of USD 7,100.00 in her Bank Account (while 

USD 15.50 goes to the exchange fee and bank transfer costs). Claire needed some guidance 

regarding the exchange of the SPF Tokens into fiat currency and contacted SportyFi, receiving 

her answers in due time. Now, she is able to attend the London tournament. When she comes 

back, she writes a personal e-mail to her backers, with a brief account and a thank you note 

for the contribution, enclosing some photos of her London competition participation, where 

she took 3rd place. Success!

 

The second pillar of the Smart Manager Platform, the Investment Module, will enable detailed 

sponsorship smart contracts of various types, and most importantly, the so-called complex 

investment smart contracts where an athlete, club or other sports organization can offer a long-

term deal to financiers by committing a share of their future income or other revenue stream 

in exchange for an upfront investment.

The Investment Module will offer athletes, teams, clubs and other sports organizations a 

blockchain/smart contract-based platform where they are able to create profiles listing their 

current achievements and plans for the future. Opening an account on SportyFi will be properly 

guided by SportyFi’s detailed instructions and will be free of charge.

A detailed personal presentation will be crucial for athletes (again, to simplify this White Paper, 

we will hereby provide a theoretical athlete’s presentation, while the same rules apply for any 

other participants, such as teams, clubs and other sport organizations, with corresponding 

modifications) to reach their set investment goals. Instructions embedded in the platform will 

guide each athlete in the creation of the best presentation of achievements, the projection of 

the investment targets, creation of content and uploading of photos and videos. Furthermore, 

the platform will offer athletes predetermined smart contract clauses, alongside the perk of 

requesting specific smart contract clauses from SportyFi charge-free, tailored to their wishes 

and needs.

The Purpose of the 

SPF Token within the 

Donations Module

EXAMPLE CASE 

PRESENTATION:

INVESTMENT 

MODULE

Investment Module – 

for Athletes, Teams, 

Clubs and other Sports 

Organizations



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             10

Athletes will be free to choose their investment goals, decide what purpose the invested funds 

are used for (e.g. costs of training or equipment, travel and accommodation costs to attend 

competitions, participation fees, and similar). Athletes are free to decide what kind of rights 

to offer in exchange for the investment. Proper structuring and assessment of the investment 

goals and adjustment of the offered rights will be crucial for a successful investment campaign. 

If the athlete provides engaging content for dissemination on other platforms, especially 

achievements and career trajectory, their chances of a successful investment campaign will 

increase. Accolades and momentum might boost an athlete’s chances further, while setting 

the right investment goal and campaign duration will likewise be important. Athletes will also 

be able to ask for peer-to-peer lending transactions.

Below is concept of an athlete’s personal profile and the basic available features in the 

Investment Module:

It's up to the athlete to curate all the above, while SportyFi offers guidance in the form of concise 

instructions and pre-written advice in the form of Q&A. Furthermore, SportyFi's back office will 

provide live online support.

An athlete campaigning on the Investment Module with their account will be assigned a 

personal SPF-compatible wallet (ERC20) for the transfer of SPF Tokens with a unique personal 

key.

In addition to the features described above, the following features will also be available within 

the Investment Module:

 » equity campaigns, where, for example, a sports club crowdfunds itself by way  
of offering equity shares to its fans and investors; 

 » debt campaigns seeking low or no-interest-rate loans.

Anyone aged 18 or over can become an investor on the SportyFi Smart Manager platform. 

When opening an account, each investor will be assigned an ERC20 compatible wallet. Once 

the wallet receives SPF Tokens, the investor is ready to start making investments.

It is entirely up to the investor to decide on the athlete, team, club or sports organization they 

will invest in. Although SportyFi’s back office will check and pre-approve each profile, it will be up 

to the investor to make adequate due diligence of athletes, teams, clubs or sports organizations 

INVESTMENT MODULE 

– FOR INVESTORS



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             11

in order to pick those with the greatest potential and the most favorable prospects of a high 

return on investment. There will be no money-back guarantee, so the degree of insight and 

understanding is crucial. Investors will thus primarily be talent seekers and scouts rolled into 

one, and naturally savvy people seeking good investments in a lively and wealthy industry.

Investors will be able to invest into athletes, teams, clubs or other sport organizations and in 

exchange for an upfront investment receive, for example:

 » a share of future image rights of an athlete;
 » a share of future sponsorship proceeds;
 » commercial rights relationships;
 » a share of transfer rights;
 » other athletes’ economic rights.

Assuming the investor makes the right moves, the returns will be deposited back into their 

wallet on the Smart Manager Platform.

When an investment contract expires or reaches certain conditions, SportyFi’s back office 

will guide the parties on the collection of the funds and exchange of the SPF Tokens into fiat 

currency, if so requested, and will offer any other support required. 

SportyFi’s back office will monitor the investees’ careers and track whether or not they are 

honoring the obligations they undertook on the Smart Manager Platform in relation to their 

investors (while data and information provided by the investors themselves will, naturally, 

be appreciated). SportyFi’s legal enforcement team will make sure each investee fulfils the 

obligations they undertook on the Smart Manager Platform.

SportyFi will ensure the anonymity of the investors. In order to secure investor privacy, SportyFi 

will incorporate a UK-law-governed Trust to be the legal owner of the rights of the investors, 

being authorized to enforce investor rights, whereby the investors remain the beneficial owners 

of the rights. Once the Trust conducts the enforcement, the proceeds will be divided among the 

investors according to their share. In countries where trusts are not recognized, the underlying 

smart contract will establish adequate parallel debt structures and other legal structures, if 

required.

As with any case of investment, each athlete or recipient of an investment is responsible for the 

reporting and payment of all the applicable taxes and similarly, investors are solely responsible 

for any applicable tax deductibility and the payment of all legislated taxes in their country of 

residence or incorporation. 

For each investment made over the Investment Module, SportyFi will charge a fixed transaction 

fee of up to 12%, depending on the type of the investment and connected costs for SportyFi. 

All SPF Tokens invested into an athlete will be made available to the athlete—minus the above 

specified transaction fee of up to 12%. Furthermore, a 5% commission fee will be charged by 

SportyFi at the time the initial investee repays the agreed proceeds to the investor.

The campaign on the 

Investment Module is 

complete. What now?



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             12

SportyFi will offer additional services for purchase within the Investment Module:

 » detailed support and advice on profile management, as well as the design of a solid 
investment campaign strategy; 

 » payment for exposure in the “Featured section” or “Hot Pick Section” or other networking 
services; 

 » advertising space on the SportyFi Investment Module.

The purpose of the SPF Token within the Investment Module:

 » Investments within the Investment Module will strictly be limited to SPF Token (SPF Tokens 
will thus be the only available currency for making investments, representing the “entry 

ticket” into the world of individual-based sports investment);

 » To purchase support from SportyFi in relation to investment campaign strategy and 
networking;

 » To purchase special features, such as the “Featured section” or the “Hot pick” and similar.

Claire is 19, a young tennis professional on the rise. She just placed third at a visible tournament 

in London alongside some other accolades. However, she still can’t afford to hire a personal 

manager and is not mainstream enough to attract sponsors. Claire and her family are struggling 

with the financing of her practice, nutrition, travels and accommodation costs. The costs are 

increasing as her tennis career evolves, while funds remain mostly the same. Claire calculates 

that her annual costs for an optimal training regimen are approx. USD 80,000. She performs 

an analysis and determines that within 3 years, her tennis career will progress to the point she’s 

able to secure major corporate sponsors and fund her own running costs. Claire thus decides 

she will offer 25% of all her future sponsorship proceeds received within the period of 10 years 

in exchange for an investment of USD 270,000. She opens a personal account on the SportyFi 

platform, setting the investment goal at USD 270,000 and marking the predetermined option 

to offer 25% of future sponsorship proceeds in exchange for an upfront investment of USD 

270,000. Due to her good track record, athleticism and dedication, investors identify potential 

in her. Within three months, Claire is able to reach the full investment goal of USD 270,000, 

contributed by 638 investors (some contributing a couple of thousand USD). She receives 

84,112 SPF Tokens (the value of 1 SPF Token at that moment is USD 3.21) into her wallet. After the 

10% deduction of the transaction fee charged by SportyFi for this kind of transaction (SportyFi 

has different prices, depending on the type of transaction and Claire decided for this type of 

transaction), she receives 75,701 SPF Tokens. As the SPF Token is liquid on several exchanges, 

she is able to sell them at the market price of USD 3.21 and within 5 days receive an amount of 

approx. USD 243,000 to her bank account. She will now be able to focus on her training and 

stop worrying about her finances. 

At the age of 23, Claire manages to reach the Wimbledon semi-finals and is ranked No. 7 in the 

WTA Rankings. She signs a sponsorship agreement with a major sports equipment and clothing 

company, based on which Claire is entitled to USD 1.5 million annually, for the duration of 5 

years. Since young Claire signed a smart contract with her investors, Claire is obliged to transfer 

25% of this sponsorship money to them. Investors get USD 375,000 each year, which means 

their initial investment is repaid within the first year after Claire signs the sponsorship agreement 

and each year thereafter is pure profit. SportyFi made it possible for Claire to launch her career 

while focusing exclusively on training. Investors identifying such talent and supporting it early 

can expect sizeable returns across the span of an athlete’s career, depending on the specific 

smart contract terms.

The purpose of the SPF 

Token within the 

Investment Module

EXAMPLE CASE 

PRESENTATION:

Additional Services 

offered by SportyFi on 

the Investment Module



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             13

SportyFi's Token Crowdsale initiative will allocate a part of the funds raised during the SPF Token 

Pre-Crowdsale and Crowdsale into a special SportyFi Professional Fund (i.e. all funds raised 

over USD 9,000,000, up to the hard cap will be allocated into the SportyFi Professional Fund).

SportyFi will establish a special Advisory Board consisting of veteran competitors, coaches, 

scouts and other successful specialists. The Fund will invest into those athletes with the greatest 

perceived potential, in exchange for a future return based on revenue such as prize money, 

endorsements, appearances, image rights and similar rights of value. Since each sport is 

different, the investment strategy of the SportyFi Professional Fund will be diverse, driven by 

the numbers and by analyst expertise.

The mission of the SportyFi Professional Fund is to ensure the future growth of SportyFi Ltd,  

of the SportyFi Professional Fund and of the complete SportyFi ecosystem.

Corporate structure of the fund:

THE SPORTYFI 

PROFESSIONAL FUND

HOW THE FUND 

OPERATES

The Fund operates on the basis of a two-tier decision-making process, the Executive 

Management consisting of the Management Board of SportyFi and the Talent-Seeking Division 

directly answerable to the Management Board, and the Expert Advisory Board. 

The Executive Management will operate and run the day-to-day business of the Fund. The 

Talent-Seeking Division will be a team of sports specialists who scout for talent within the sports 

community and propose specific athletes from various sports to the Advisory Board, positing 

sufficient potential for investment. 



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             14

The ultimate decision-making body of the Fund will be the Advisory Board, consisting of five (5) 

members, selected from veteran competitors, coaches, scouts, managers and other successful 

specialists. 

SportyFi’s Talent-Seeking Division will be entrusted with the task of seeking young and promising 

athletes as early as possible, with the greatest perceived return on investment. The selection 

of the athletes will then be meticulously reviewed by the Advisory Board that approves the 

athletes with the greatest potential, agrees with them on all the elements of the investment, 

and thereafter confirms the athletes are ready to be submitted to the DAO voting. In the 

process of the DAO voting, the presentation profile of each athlete will be uploaded to the 

SportyFi platform, with all the SPF Token-holders invited to vote. If the DAO voting confirms 

the investment into an athlete, the Executive Management team will prepare all the required 

documentation, setting the investment into motion. 

The SportyFi team will thereafter closely monitor the development and professional trajectory 

of the athletes, and make sure they honor their obligations.

When making investments, the following rights might be considered in exchange for an upfront 

investment:

 » a share of future image rights of an athlete;
 » a share of future sponsorship proceeds;
 »  commercial rights relationships;
 »  a share of transfer rights;
 » other athletes' economic rights.

In addition to investments made into an athlete, SportyFi might also propose for DAO voting 

investments into sport clubs and other sport organizations, as well as a variety of other creative, 

compounded, or fan-marketed investment into the sports industry and its particular participants.

SportyFi will reinvest 70% of the profit generated by the Fund in such a way to purchase SPF 

Tokens on the market and invest such SPF Tokens further into new athletes, clubs and other 

sports organizations in accordance with the mechanism explained above.

PLATFORM AND FUND OPTIMIZATION, MARKETING AND MONETIZATION PHASE

Following the development and deployment of the Smart Manager Platform and the SportyFi 

Professional Fund, SportyFi will focus on their optimization, marketing and monetization in line 

with SportyFi’s long-term objectives and core values.

Organizations holding the official status of a sports charity organization will receive special 

treatment. SportyFi will offer official sports charity organizations discounted or even cost-free 

features on the SportyFi Smart Manager Platform, in accordance with SportyFi’s policies and 

values.

PHASE 3: 

CHARITIES WILL BE 

VALUED AND ACTIVELY 

SUPPORTED BY SPORTYFI 

ON ALL LEVELS OF 

THE SPORTYFI 

ECOSYSTEM



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             15

3. THE SPF TOKEN

The SportyFi Token (SPF) will be a utility token of value that fuels the SportyFi ecosystem. It will 

not give its holders any right to participate in the management of SportyFi Ltd (of any kind or 

nature), it will not represent a shareholding in SportyFi Ltd (of any kind or nature), and will not 

give its holders any right (of any kind or nature) to the profits generated by SportyFi Ltd. 

Integrated within the SPF Token smart contract will be the utility function of a decentralized 

autonomous organization (DAO)—operating as the SportyFi ecosystem consensus platform—

where it will enable future proposal voting based on the share of SPF Tokens held. 

The Smart Manager Platform will accept as a payment method only the SPF Token (while only 

in exceptional cases, ETH and other tokens of value may be added as a payment/investment 

vehicle, depending on popular demand and technical limitations, and only within the Donations 

Module).

4. TARGETED UTILIZATION OF ETH CONTRIBUTED 

Up to USD 9 million contributed will represent SportyFi’s operating capital. The funds will be 

used for the development and full deployment of the Smart Manager Platform, its optimization, 

growth, marketing and monetization phase, in the following targeted way:



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             16

Contributions amounting to over USD 9 million will be allocated to the SportyFi Professional 

Fund, where the funds will be used in the following way:

% of contribution intended use

25 % Platform Development and Deployment

40 % Marketing and Sales

20 % SportyFi’s Operational Costs

6 % Legal Costs

5 % IT Security and Compliance

2 % Licensing & Regulation

2 % Other

% of contribution intended use

80 % Direct investments into athletes

20 % SportyFi’s operational costs



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             17

5. THE TEAM AND ITS PAST ACHIEVEMENTS

The Team at SportyFi boasts an extensive record of accomplishment in the digital sphere of 

the sports industry. 

In 2014, the core think-tank was set up to develop and deploy the online marketplace  

trainers4me, where people can find and book sports instructors of any kind. Trainers4me was 

successfully launched in February 2015. In June 2015, the project received a major boost when 

tennis superstar Ana Ivanovic joined as co-owner. In March 2016, the team launched its second 

sports-related platform onlinegym4me, offering sports enthusiasts across the globe the ability 

to exercise and stay in shape using live-streamed and recorded online classes.

In June 2016, Technogym, the leading global manufacturer of home and commercial fitness 

and gym equipment, identified exciting potential in the project, joining in as a strategic investor.

The SportyFi team thus has a proven record of accomplishment of developing and managing 

digital sports industry projects, from design to launch and beyond. For its upcoming mission, 

SportyFi has reached out to experts from additional relevant fields, especially on the business, 

development and promotional side of its many planned activities. Substantial practical 

experience (in marketing, IT development, blockchain, project development, public relations 

etc., alongside established connections in the global sports industry) will be channeled into 

the launch of the SportyFi project, and SportyFi is ready to tackle exactly the kind of challenges 

presented by such an ambitious endeavor.

As already noted above, the Team at SportyFi has identified the outstanding disruptive potential 

of the blockchain revolution and is ready to revolutionize the sports industry.

MARKO FILEJ  |  Co-founder, CEO
Marko is an entrepreneur with vast experiences in the sports industry, and the mastermind 

behind the global sports platforms: Trainers4me and Onlinegym4me.

SIMON ŽGAVEC  |  Co-founder, Legal & Compliance
Simon is an experienced attorney at law, specialized in banking and finance and capital markets 

law, with a special focus on fintech and emerging technologies.

TOMAŽ ČEPON  |  Co-founder
Tomaž is the go-to operations manager, with over a decade of experience working in several 

international companies. His main areas of work are marketing and sales.

AMIR HUSKIĆ  |  CTO
Amir is not only a technology enthusiast, but also an experienced professional with a wide 

knowledge of infotech, and also has an MSc in Computer and Information Science.

BLAŽ CARLI  |  Lead Developer
Blaž is an IT professional with over 15 years of experience working on global enterprise projects 

like Trimo urban crash, Trainers4me, Onlinegym4me, and others.



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             18

ROMINA KAVČIČ  |  Design Strategy
Romina’s vision is to make a more user-friendly future - pixel by pixel. She’s a fan of data 

visualization and fintech, and worked on several blockchain projects.

SLAĐANA ČEVRIZ  |  Community Coordinator
Sladana is an expert in the field of qualitative marketing research, combining her knowledge, 

experience and strong interpersonal skills to gain insight into consumers’ needs.

MITJA RIBIČ  |  Frontend Developer
Mitja is professional front-end coder, graphic designer and UX expert, who uses design to 

engage with users across print, screen and mobile.

SONI MAKAROVIC  |  User Experience Designer
Soni has worked in UX for over 10 years, with both agency as well as enterprise experience. He 

is on a mission to craft the perfect user experience.

NEVA OMERZU  |  Content Manager
Neva is a storyteller, focusing on how content lives on digital channels. She has worked on 

several international platforms, including Trainers4me and Onlinegym4me.

TOMISLAV MUČIČ  |  Blockchain Consultant
Tomislav has decades of experience in IT security and Project development and is an early 

adopter of the blockchain technology.

IGOR ZGONC  |  Blockchain Consultant 
Igor has been entrepreneur, manager and consultant for 20 years in the field of information 

security, risk management and blockchain development.

JAKA MELE  |  Blockchain Specialist
Jaka combines high-tech, finance and communication experiences, and has played a cruical 

role in the successful crowdfunding of ICONOMI in mid 2016.

PETER ŠEPETAVC  |  Marketing Strategy & PR Consultant
A marketing professional with over 15 years of experience, Peter has worked on local and global 

marketing strategies with some of the world's biggest brands.

PROFESSIONAL 

ADVISORS



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             19

AMBASSADORS 

AND SPORT 

ADVISORS

NORIAKI KASAI  |  Ski Jumping Legend
Noriaki is the most recognizable athlete in the world of ski jumping. He has three Olympic 

medals and 17 wins in the FIS Ski Jumping World Cup.

SAVO MILOŠEVIĆ  |  Former Football Player
Savo is the Vice president of Football Association of Serbia. During his football career he played 

for FC Parma, Aston Villa, Espanyol, Celta Vigo, and Rubin Kazan.

PRIMOŽ BREZEC  |  Former NBA Player, Basketball Scout
Primož played in the NBA as a center for eight seasons after being one of the top players in 

Europe. He is currently a scout for the Cleveland Cavaliers.

ŠPELA PRETNAR  |  Former Alpine Skier
Špela works at the Ski Association of Slovenia. As a former pro skier, she won the small crystal 

globe in slalom and also has 13 podium finishes the Alpine Skiing World Cup. 

VASJA BAJC  |  Ski Jumping Coach
Vasja is a ski jumper turned coach, who worked with the national teams of Japan, Netherlands, 

Sweden and Czech Republic. Currently coaching the US women's ski jumping team.

MITJA RUZZIER, PhD  |  Professor of Entrepreneurship
Mitja is the Head of the Department of Entrepreneurship at the University of Primorska, 

researching entrepreneurship, innovativeness, brands and internationalization of SMEs.

VUK BRAJOVIĆ  |  Media & Communications Professional
Vuk is a career marketing & communications professional, with distinguished international 

references in the area of sports – primarily tennis, football and basketball.

DIEGO MOYA  |  Founder of Entrenar.me
Diego is the founder of Entrenar.me, the largest community for fitness enthusiasts, personal 

trainers and fitness centers worldwide.

For a detailed and updated presentation of our Team members, Advisors and Ambassadors 

please visit  www.sportyfi.io. 



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             20

6.  THE ROADMAP TO FULL DEVELOPMENT  
AND DEPLOYMENT OF SPORTYFI ECOSYSTEM



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             21

NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORS
 

Please note: changes to this White Paper are reserved. SportyFi Ltd is committed to bringing 

maximum value to its contributors. To achieve this, SportyFi may amend the terms of the 

White Paper as the project develops. Please check back with the www.sportyfi.io webpage 

for potential changes. SportyFi Ltd undertakes to observe the terms in force at the time of the 

contribution. In case of an eventual change of terms to new ones that are more favorable to 

the contributors, SportyFi intends to compensate past contributors adequately, in line with 

the new conditions.

Prospective Contributors should make sure they understand the nature of the contribution and 

the SPF Token, and the extent of their exposure to risk, considering the suitability of the SPF 

Tokens in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. It is the sole responsibility 

of prospective Contributors to ensure that they have sufficient knowledge, experience and 

professional advice to make their own legal, financial, tax, accounting and other business 

evaluations of the merits and risks of contribution and are not relying on the advice of SportyFi 

Ltd or any of its representatives, supporters or others.

The law in certain jurisdictions may restrict or limit contributions towards SPF Tokens. Persons 

in possession of this White Paper are required by SportyFi ltd to inform themselves about any 

such restrictions as they apply, and to observe them. This White Paper may not be used for, or 

in connection with, any offer to, or solicitation by, anyone in any jurisdiction or circumstances 

in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorized or is unlawful. SportyFi accepts no 

responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person, whether or not a 

prospective contributor to the SPF Tokens.

United States citizens (where the term “United States” means the United States of America 

(including the States and the District of Columbia), its territories, its possessions and other areas 

subject to its jurisdiction) and the Citizens of the People's Republic of China are not permitted 

to participate in the Token Crowdsale or to contribute.

Each Contributor represents and warrants to SportyFi that they are fully aware of all the risks 

associated with the contribution, and with the transfer of ETH to the smart contract system (such 

as risk of software or blockchain weakness, regulatory risks and risks in change of legislation 

and/or change in its interpretation, risks of project failure, risk that the SPF Tokens will have no 

value, and other associated risks).

Each Contributor understands and accepts that the SPF Token is utility token of value and that 

by contributing ETH to the smart contract and getting SPF Tokens in exchange, it will have no 

right to participate in the management of SportyFi Ltd (of any kind or nature), it will have no 

shareholding in SportyFi Ltd (of any kind or nature) and it will have no right to participate in the 

profits generated by SportyFi Ltd (of any kind or nature).

Each Contributor further understands and accepts that any transfer of ETH to the smart contract 

is non-refundable.

Each Contributor further understands and accepts that smart contract technology is still in an 

early development stage and represents and warrants to SportyFi Ltd that it is fully aware of the 

associated risks with this regard.



WHITE PAPER VERSION 1.1  MAY BE AMENDED                    © SPORTYFI LTD, LONDON

             22

Each Contributor or subsequent holder of SPF Tokens is solely liable for any tax obligation 

under the legislation of its country of residence or incorporation and any other applicable 

legislation it is subject to.

Each Contributor represents and warrants to SportyFi Ltd that the contributed funds do no 

derive from any illegal activity and allows SportyFi Ltd appropriate AML Checks. Contributor 

understands and accepts that SportyFi Ltd may at any time reject any contribution on the 

basis of simple suspicion that the funds derive from illegal acts or that AML regulation was not 

honored, without any explanation.


