






















 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



2 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 

ABSTRACT 4 

INTRODUCTION 7 

About Initial Coin Offerings 1​0 

The ICO Market 1​2 

Problems with the ICO Market 1​3 

Blockchain Technology 15 

Problems with the Crowdfunding Market 16 

The Solution: CoinStarter 1​7 

Beginnings 19 

Businefy.com 20 

Plug and Play 21 

CoinStarterBox 22 

StarterCoin 2​4 

The StarterCoin Economy 26 

Listed on public exchanges 2​8 

Custom Wallet 29 

Proprietary Technology 29 

Trusted Name 30 

Features of the Platform 3​0 

Members 32 

Financial Advantages 3​3 

Running your own ICO using our platform 3​3 

Start. Build. Grow. 3​5 

 



3 

 

The CoinStarter ICO 36 

ICO Distribution of Funds 3​7 

ICO Crowdsale Bonus Schedule 39 

Future Goals 4​0 

The Team 4​5 

Regulation 4​7 

Disclaimers 49 

 

 

 

 

 

This document and its contents are not designed to act as an investment brochure. At 

no time is the information contained within this Whitepaper to be considered 

investment or legal advice. The Coinstarter ICO is not to be considered an investment 

opportunity and those taking part are advised to read both this Whitepaper and our 

Terms and Conditions before doing so. 

 

This Whitepaper has been developed in collaboration with our compliance advisors 

Gresham International and our entire team of professional advisors.   

 



4 

 
 

ABSTRACT 
 

 
Since the start of 2017, the Cryptocurrency market cap is up nearly 800 Percent. In fact, 

some coins are rising so sharply they are astounding many in the community. 

  

One of the critical reasons for this dramatic rise in the number of new Cryptocurrencies 

entering the market is their ability to be structured as a crowdfunding opportunity for 

new projects.  While the number of new Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) is not precisely 

known, what is known is that in the third quarter of 2017 Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) 

raised more money than the entire venture capital market for the same period. 

 

Several factors have led to an increasing amount of uncertainty and fueled a lack of 

confidence in the traditional crowdfunding market. CoinStarter is uniquely positioned 

to tackle these problems as well as those associated with Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs). 

 

CoinStarter is a first of its kind technology platform for the ICO crowdfunding market. 

Our user-friendly and intuitive platform is the perfect fundraising tool that addresses all 

the issues for entrepreneurs, innovators and creators seeking to bring their ideas to 

reality. With the help of our proprietary devices, users can launch their campaigns and 

coins in just a few minutes as opposed to the days, weeks and months required by 

other crowdfunding platforms. 

 

Our community has over 140,000 (growing daily) loyal ICO enthusiasts that will get the 

word out about upcoming ICOs. Additionally, the CoinStarter members will be able to 

 



5 

 

use the CoinStarter platform to launch their own ICOs as well as take advantage of a 

unique suite of products including Businefy and CoinStarterBox.   

 

Businefy is a unique business analytics platform that provides all the essential 

software applications to fully manage all aspects of an enterprise or crowdsale 

campaign from project management to hiring to payroll and much more. This powerful 

utility will undoubtedly help our community grow any blockchain enterprise or 

campaign from early-stage startup to growth-stage company.   

 

CoinstarterBox is the first and original ICO Coin subscription service. Every month we 

send carefully curated coins of the best ICOs to members’ Ethereum Wallet. This 

function makes it fun and easy for members to find promising ICOs and get some of 

their coins significantly below retail prices. 

 

Coinstarter will launch its own “total taken” style ICO with an initial issue of Coins 

limited to 980,000,000 (nine hundred eighty million) during which 71% of that will be 

made available during the Pre-ICO and ICO period. Our Initial Coin Offering period will 

run for four weeks with the ability to extend for an additional two weeks if we have not 

achieved our soft target. 

 

StarterCoins will be available at a discount during the Initial Coin Offering. Any unsold 

coins from the CoinStarter ICO are burned.  Within a few weeks following the ICO, 

StarterCoins will be available on most exchanges.   

 

The ICO features the sale of StarterCoins: a cryptocurrency which gives rights and 

privileges to their owners when using the CoinStarter platform and its family of 

services. 

 

 



6 

 

With a simple license fee structure, users of Coinstarter will be able to start, build and 

grow their enterprise. 

 

CoinStarter charges a standard 5% of the total completed campaigns and 5% of the 

newly issued coins raised during the campaign. 

 

Unlike most blockchain start-ups, we have a working product in beta, so not just a Road 

Map and White Paper. We also have over 140,000 members who are anxious to 

participate in the CoinStarter economy. We plan to do a full launch of our platform by 

February 2018. 

 

 

 
   

 



7 

 
 INTRODUCTION 

All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently 
opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident. 

-Arthur Schopenhauer 

 

For years, fans of digital currency have had to endure both ridicule and violent 

opposition to discussions surrounding the new frontier of crypto-economics. But the 

latest figures seem to suggest that there’s a sea change occurring. The advantages, as 

well as sustainability of digital currency, are becoming more and more self-evident. 

Since the start of 2017, the Cryptocurrency market cap is up nearly 800 Percent.  In 

fact, some coins are rising so sharply they are astounding many in the community. 

Many Institutions agree.  Goldman Sachs recently stated “that it is becoming more 

difficult for clients to ignore the cryptocurrency market” as it continues to surge. 

Another quote: “The debate has shifted from the legitimacy of the ‘fiat of the Internet’ 

to how fast new entrants are raising funds.  Whether or not you believe in the merit of 

investing in cryptocurrencies (you know who you are) real dollars are at work here and 

warrant watching especially in light of the growing world of initial coin offerings (ICOs) 

and fundraising that now exceeds Internet Angel and Seed investing.”   

 

One of the critical reasons for this dramatic rise in the number of new Cryptocurrencies 

entering the market is their ability to be structured as a crowdsale opportunity for new 

projects. While the number of new ICOs is not precisely known, what is known is that in 

the third quarter of 2017 Initial Coin Offerings raised more money than the entire 

venture capital market for the same period. 

 

 



8 

 

 

 

 

Aside from the VC option, we believe that people are now beginning to see the 

fundamental problems with the traditional crowdfunding model. 

 

The traditional crowdfunding model has some inherent problems that any user who 

has either backed or participated in a crowdfunding campaign understands. First, there 

are high levels of fraud for the entire crowdfunding industry. A large number of 

campaigns are subject to massively miscalculated or over exaggerated projects both in 

value and success. Second, the accessibility of crowdfunding projects is notoriously 

restricted and is only available in specific locations and often times opened only to 

 



9 

 

specific qualified groups of people. Third, the commission taken by third parties is 

increasingly detrimental with some crowdfunding organizations taking up to 25% of the 

raised funds. 

 

All of these elements combined have led to an increasing amount of uncertainty and 

fueled a lack of confidence in the traditional crowdfunding market. 

 

CoinStarter is going to take these and other problems within the crowdfunding market 

and challenge them head-on. By using a unique technology set, CoinStarter’s custom 

developed system will provide Entrepreneurs, Creators and Innovators access to the 

funding they need while allowing an army of global backers to take part in helping 

develop groundbreaking new ideas. 

 

CoinStarter is already up and running in Beta with over 140,000 active members who 

are real coin enthusiasts. We believe CoinStarter can complete development of the first 

stage of our technology and be ready for a full launch out of Beta sometime in late 

February 2018. 

   

 

 

 

 



10 

 
 

About Initial Coin Offerings 
 

You may be a novice and have never heard of the term Initial Coin Offerings (ICO), or 

you may be a pro and have already taken part in some yourself. Regardless of your ICO 

knowledge, you should still take the time to read this Whitepaper in full. It is essential 

to understand ICOs because after Coinstarter has completed our ICO, we plan on 

assisting thousands of new ICOs. 

 

Initial Coin Offerings are the first time that coins are available to the general public. 

Sometimes, like with CoinStarter, companies may make coins available before the ICO 

period at a highly discounted rate for individual contributors. Often known as the 

pre-ICO period, where coins can be bought directly from the company at a discounted 

price before the ICO has commenced.  Pre-ICO contributors are usually selected, apply, 

or are personally invited to take part, unlike during the ICO itself where anyone can take 

part. 

 

The Pre-ICO and ICO period allow users to buy coins at a discounted rate.  So the 

sooner you buy them, the more you get for your money.  To further encourage people 

to buy these coins early, CoinStarter, like most companies, also offers a substantial 

bonus for early participation. 

 

The ICO period usually lasts for a few weeks and has a goal attached to it.  In this case, 

we call this Set Funding in which all funds returned if the project doesn't meet the 

stated goal.  For projects with strict minimums, this option can give the creator more 

comfort if the campaign doesn't go as expected.  This option would automatically 

place the funds on hold until the campaign ends.  The other option is Flex Funding 

where all funds are kept by the project creator even if the project doesn't meet its 

 



11 

 

stated campaign goal.  Flex is the most popular funding campaign choice.  CoinStarter 

will use the flex funding option for its ICO. 

 

Most ICOs are paid for in cryptocurrencies or by donations made directly in fiat 

(normal) currencies. There is some debate about whether ICOs should accept fiat 

currencies. As of now, CoinStarter ICO will be paid and processed with 

cryptocurriencies only.  Before taking part in an ICO, you need to check if your country 

allows you to do so under its financial laws. 

 

Once the ICO, has ended, you will be able to purchase StarterCoins through third-party 

exchanges. The StarterCoins will be tradable with other users of the currency, creating 

a sub-economy.  Many things can impact the value of a coin, such as: 

 

● The amount of supply and demand of the coin 

● The number of trades that happen with the coin 

● If the coin is listed on any third party exchanges 

● The overall success of the project 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



12 

 
 The ICO Market 

 

Within the last six months, there has been a 

massive boom in the ICO market. It estimated that 

the ICO market would have raised almost 3 billion 

dollars by the end of 2017.​ ​The crypto market is 

growing for several reasons, according to analysts. 

 

A steady supply of Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs), a 

rising number of funds that trade cryptocurrencies 

and the sustained interest of investors are all 

contributing to this trend. 

 

FinTech firms raised far more through ICOs during 

the first half of this year than they did through 

venture capital investment. 

 

These innovative token sales are lessening interest in more traditional methods of 

raising capital and driving crypto markets higher, said Brad Chun, chief investment 

officer of hedge fund Shuttle Fund Advisor. He said:  "The ease of fundraising via an 

ICO is drawing both entrepreneurs and investors away from less effective capital 

raising channels." 

 

Another compelling reason for the ICO boom is rising adoption. The market is in the 

midst of a considerable shift towards greater adoption. This momentum will continue 

to attract new money into this very new ecosystem. 

 

 



13 

 

 

Those thinking of participating in a round of crowdfunding as either the primary or 

secondary type of fundraising exercise should now be focusing on the ICO crowdsale 

market. This is undoubtedly where the smart money is gravitating. By all accounts, we 

are in the very early stages of the ICO revolution. 

 

Problems with the ICO Market 
 

As you have probably guessed by now, the ICO 

market is a little like the Wild West of the financial 

world. Different countries have different views on 

how to treat both ICOs and cryptocurrencies. The 

underlying problem is that there is no real unified 

regulation around ICOs.  Each jurisdiction will have 

its own set of rules. Conducting and participating 

in an ICO can be a regulatory minefield depending 

on your location.  

However, this lack of regulatory framework 

demands as much respect as it does concern. The 

inherently decentralized nature of cryptocurrencies 

is designed to ensure lack of involvement by 

regulatory and government authorities. The 

Blockchain idea is intended for less regulation, 

more personal control, and more efficiency. Much 

like the old traditional peer-to-peer crowdfunding, 

the new system adds a layer of decentralization. 

Blockchain allows people to collaborate securely 

and directly thereby achieving the very best results. 

 



14 

 

With the lack of regulatory framework around ICOs, the system is subject to erratic 

behavior by some because of the lack of rules and guidelines. However, Coinstarter 

recognizes this as a tremendous opportunity to help shape and guide the direction of 

this new ecosystem. 

 

Another problem is the lack of universal standards. For example, Ethereum and Bitcoin 

use different back-end technologies to make their transactions work.  While this type of 

diversity is great for Blockchain innovation, the lack of uniformity among developers 

can create hard to solve problems. 

 

The final problem is cost. To launch your currency by way of an ICO, can run more than 

$250,000 (some have been known to cost over $1,000,000).   Launching involves a 

heavy development team that would need to be able to customize your coin, platform, 

wallet and other related blockchain technologies.  Also, there is marketing, legal and 

additional operating cost to launch a successful ICO. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



15 

 
 Blockchain Technology 

The creation of blockchain technology allows users to undertake transactions directly 

with one another by using ledger based technology.  These transactions are conducted 

using a method of cryptography; this ensures that transactions are both verified and 

secure, a system which is not available anywhere else on the planet.  

The​ decentralized database, or “digital ledger”, of transactions that can be seen by 

users available on the network. Think of this as like a list of all of the transactions that 

have happened since the start of the coin. This transparency helps users understand 

how well the currency is doing and also verify each transaction as it occurs. In a more 

technological sense, this is a network chain of computers that must all approve an 

exchange before it can be verified and recorded. 

A blockchain is a continuously growing list of records, called blocks, which are linked 

and secured using cryptography. Each block contains a hash pointer typically as a link 

to a previous block, a timestamp and transaction data. By design, blockchains are 

inherently resistant to modification of the data. Functionally, a blockchain can serve as 

an open, distributed ledger that can record transactions between two parties efficiently 

and verifiably and permanently.  Blockchain technology has an enormous potential to 

transform business operating models in the long term.  Blockchain distributed ledger 

technology is more a foundational technology, with it, the potential to create a new 

global economic and social system that can remove third parties from transactions. 

These new applications for blockchain include cryptocurrencies including BitCoin, 

BlackCoin, Dash, and Nxt-and blockchain platforms such as Factom as a distributed 

registry, Gems for decentralized messaging, 

 



16 

 

 

MaidSafe for decentralized applications, Storj and Sia for distributed cloud storage, 

and Tezos for decentralized voting. 

 

Problems with the Crowdfunding Market 
 

Initially, crowdfunding based on the idea that a small amount of money raised from a 

large group of people. Crowdfunding was designed to allow ordinary individuals to 

contribute towards a plan or project that they like. In doing so, they support the project. 

In 2015, an estimated  $34 billion was raised using crowdfunding methods. 

Unfortunately, the original ideals of crowdfunding have gotten lost in translation, and 

now crowdfunding is used as a primary means of fundraising for bigger and bigger 

projects. 

 

However, there are a large number of problems with the current crowdfunding model 

and we touched on these briefly at the start of this Whitepaper. First, there are high 

levels of fraud. A large number of campaigns are subject to massive miscalculation or 

over exaggeration both in value and success. Second, the accessibility of 

crowdfunding projects is becoming more restricted. Crowdfunding is only available in 

certain jurisdictions and different rules apply depending on your economic group. 

Third, the commission taken by the platform and other third parties can de-incentivize 

everyone involved with the campaign. In fact, some crowdfunding organizations are 

taking as much as 30% of the raised funds. 

 

 

 

 

 



17 

 

 

Additional problems include: 

 

● Possible taxes on funds raised 

● Poor KYC and AML 

● Little to no support to help promote the campaign 

● Scattered network of participants with no centralized community 

 

Clearly, the current crowdfunding market is not delivering. Those trying to raise funds 

are stripped of up to 30% of what they have raised with little to no support from the 

platforms themselves. Although this is not the only reason, it indeed is a crucial factor 

in why many crowdfunding campaigns fail to hit their estimated target. However, many 

believe they have found an alternative: the new crowdfunding ICO model using 

Blockchain technologies. 

 

 

The Solution: CoinStarter 
 

CoinStarter is a first of its kind technology. Our user-friendly platform is the perfect 

fundraising tool that addresses all the issues of the crowdfunding ICO model. With the 

help of our proprietary software, users can launch their campaigns and coins in just a 

few minutes as opposed to the days, weeks and months required by other 

crowdfunding platforms. 

 

We provide a complete suite of products to help participants achieve success. From 

the launch of their campaigns to the distribution of coins, we make every step easy and 

intuitive. 

 



18 

 

 

Our community has over 140,000 loyal ICO 

enthusiasts that will get the word out about 

upcoming ICOs. The cost of marketing, PR and 

community involvement reduced by the 

presence of an ever-growing audience. 

CoinStarter helps solve many issues in raising 

funds for our projects.   

 

By receiving funds in cryptocurrency, our 

creators automatically have access to the 

entire world.  CoinStarter eliminates all the 

inefficiencies of financial institutions and 

intermediaries. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



19 

 
 

Beginnings 
 

CoinStarter developed by Cornell Holloway and his team in 2017 (find out more about 

him in the team section of this White Paper). Cornell from his teenage years always 

loved where ideas and technology intersect.  Cornell understood that there was a 

definite need to simplify the ICO process for those who had new ideas but lacked the 

technical skill set to enter the Cryptocurrency market with their coin or token offering. 

 

CoinStarter launched their sign-up in July 2017. It quickly went viral and within six 

weeks had over 60,000 (sixty thousand) subscribers, all of whom showed interest in 

either launching their own ICO or taking part in the CoinStarter community for 

crowdfunding purposes.  In just the last three months of our Beta, the CoinStarter 

platform has over 11,000 projects being developed by creators, and over 2,000 

submitted waiting for approval by the CoinStarter team. 

 

Once membership hit 80,000, CoinStarter made a strategic decision to launch its own 

ICO and use those proceeds to develop the platform further. CoinStarter made a 

calculated decision to allow the platform to establish a stable deployment path and 

game plan before continuing the growth. The CoinStarter team is aware of its potential 

and plans on expanding its platform with the proceeds from the ICO crowdsale. 

 

Our goal is to launch the CoinStarter platform by February 2018. 

 

 

 

 

 



20 

 
 

Businefy.com 
 

Businefy is a unique business analytics platform that provides all the essential 

software applications to fully manage all aspects of an enterprise or crowdsale 

campaign from project management to hiring to payroll and much more.  Best of all, 

users can access all of Businefy’s services with CoinStarter Coins.  By transferring 

Coinstarter Coins onto their Businefy wallet, they can use applications available 

throughout the Businefy ecosystem. 

 

Businefy is a powerful utility that will help our community grow any enterprise or 

campaign from early-stage startup to growth-stage company.  Businefy is committed 

to Blockchain innovation.  The robust service not offered by any other competing 

platform. 

 

Project Management 

Run individual or multiple projects from one collaborative platform ensuring smooth project 

management and delivery. 

 

Client Management 

Embed your CRM into your day to day life by keeping track of your clients, prospects, and active 

opportunities through the client management system. 

 

 

 

 



21 

 

 

Team Management 

Manage your team through the team management function; monitoring time worked, days off, 

sick time, vacation, and project delivery. 

 

Business Intelligence 

Compare your position in the market and watch your competitors with the highly innovative 

business intelligence engine built into the platform. 

The system works by users transferring StarterCoins onto their Businefy wallet, which then 

allows them to safely and securely access all the applications of the Businefy ecosystem. 

The Businefy system allows companies to grow by harnessing the power of blockchain 

technology. A service offered by no one. 

 

 

Plug and Play 
 

Both the Businefy and CoinStarter Platforms are designed to be easily accessible and 

easily integrated into both business practice and existing technologies. 

 

The user experience is designed to enable those who have never run a crowdsale 

campaign before to be easily able to set up and run their crowdsale campaign using 

the CoinStarter platform. The same is true of Businefy. Those who have never used a 

SaaS platform assisting with their business functions will find the system easy to use. 

 

 

 



22 

 

 

 

CoinStarterBox 
 

CoinStarterBox​ is the first and original ICO Coin subscription service. Every month we 

send carefully curated coins of the best ICOs to members’ Ethereum Wallet. This 

service makes it fun and easy for members to find promising ICOs and get some of 

their coins significantly below retail prices. 

 

How it works 

The process is incredibly simple, fun and easy to use. TheCoinStarterBox members will 

merely add their Ethereum Wallet address, select which type of ICO categories they are 

interested in, choose some coins they’d like to receive each month and they instantly 

become a part of the CoinStarter Family! 

Where are the coins coming from? 

Coins are coming from our Partners both on our platform and outside of our platform. 

CoinStarterBox is a marketing company, so we allow the best ICO projects to reach into 

our member base and provide their coins.  In exchange, the ICO will gain exposure and 

feedback. Our members are coin enthusiasts, so ICOs are delighted to reach these 

eyeballs in hopes they will participate in their Initial Coin Offering (ICO). 

When they receive a coin, they’ll also obtain more information about the project it 

relates to and how they can use the coin.  Members can even participate in the 

campaign and get more coins from the creators. 

All coins received are curated by industry experts and relate to an ICO campaign that is 

either preparing or has an ongoing Pre-ICO or ICO. 

 

 



23 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



24 

 

 

 

StarterCoin 
The next step in the CoinStarter journey is the launch of the StarterCoin. A 

purpose-built Coin using the CoinStarter network that will allow members to take an 

active role in the development of the company. 

 

StarterCoins are a cryptocurrency which gives rights and privileges to their owners 

when using the CoinStarter platform and its family of services. 

 

Members who signed up early are guaranteed an extra amount of StarterCoins as a 

thank you from the CoinStarter team. We already have over 100,000 StarterCoin 

holders who are committed to the success of the ever-growing CoinStarter ecosystem. 

The number of members is a fantastic accomplishment for our ICO. Unlike most ICOs, 

we have a built-in marketplace giving us a tremendous advantage when the StarterCoin 

launches on the exchanges. Because this ICO model is unique, there will be a great 

deal of excitement and buzz around StarterCoin. 

 

StarterCoins are available at a discount during the ICO.  Any unsold coins during the 

ICO burned. Within a few weeks following the ICO,  StarterCoins will be available on 

most exchanges.   

 



25 

 

The Starter Coin created for many reasons including: 

 

A utility for many of the services provided within the CoinStarter ecosystem. Those 

who plan to use our platform to launch their crowdsale campaign can rest assured that 

the CoinStarter name is a brand that people will associate with innovation and great 

ideas. 

 

Creation of a stable, usable currency that will continue to grow as the platform evolves. 

 

Deploying our own coin allows users to have access to both the CoinStarter, Businefy 

and CoinStarterBox platforms. The StarterCoins are usable on all of our products but 

are also interchangeable with other coins launched through our platform.  So users can 

show their support by participating with each other with the StarterCoin or their own 

issued coin. 

 

After the Initial Coin Offering (ICO), we intend to have the StarterCoin listed on all the 

important exchanges to help promote both the services we offer and the value of the 

coin itself. 

 

StarterCoins are generated on the Ethereum blockchain and follow the ERC20 

standards which are the most popular and supported by most exchange platforms 

today. 

 

 

 

 

 



26 

 
 

The StarterCoin Economy 
 

 

 

Using our coins after the ICO has passed. 

 

The CoinStarter team is not just dreaming of ways that their coin can be used in the 

future; we’re already acting on it.  Not only will the StarterCoin be usable on the 

Businefy and CoinStarterBox platforms, but CoinStarter also continues to add new 

features to the platform that will increase the use and value of the StarterCoin. 

 

The StarterCoin will be a genuinely valuable asset for those who choose to use it in 

their business activities. 

 

StarterCoins limited during their release, which means that their future value is tied to 

their business model: campaigns, the number in circulation, and usability (the amount 

of additional use you have with the coin). The StarterCoin will equal 4500 STAC to 1 

ETH which forms the value of the StarterCoin and allows our users to set how many 

coins they will need to reach the target during the ICO.  As the market changes, 

 



27 

 

determined by the variables listed above, the value of the StarterCoin will fluctuate 

accordingly. 

 

CoinStarter is determined to ensure that the ecosystem associated with its coins is a 

free, fair, and stable machine that is free of unnecessary burdens such as regulatory 

impositions and those who wish to manipulate the StarterCoins. 

 

In order to maintain the balance of this ecosystem, CoinStarter may take steps to 

prevent unfair market practices. 

 

Revenue Projections 

 

The CoinStarter platform will charge a fee of 500 StarterCoins (STAC) to launch a 

project and 5% of the total raised for any campaign.  Moreover, the platform will charge 

a 5% fee of any newly issued token launched on the platform.  As a consequence of 

these newly issued tokens, we will create a cryptocurrency fund in which all the 

currencies will be traded or held for investment purposes.  Depending on our 

involvement with a client campaign our participation could be higher in terms of take. 

These structured and minimum fees will provide a stable and consistent revenue 

stream for the CoinStarter platform. 

 

In addition, we intend to generate substantial revenue from CoinStarterBox and 

Businefy applications.  There’s already been high demand for these products by our 

users during the current beta period.  These are the products we’ve already launched in 

beta, but we plan on introducing more verticals in the coming months that will be 

promising for continued revenue growth. 

 

 

 



28 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

Listed on public exchanges 
 

 

The StarterCoin will list on cryptocurrency exchanges outside of the CoinStarter 

platform.  It will register under the abbreviation (STAC). 

 

Like all other coins, its value will depend on many things, market cap level, interest and 

other factors. Our aim is to be listed on most major exchanges to maximize market 

interest and make the coin as transferable as possible. 

 



29 

 

 

 

 

Custom Wallet 
 

CoinStarter will house its custom wallet that will allow users to store both the 

StarterCoin (obtained during and after our ICO) and also those coins which are 

developed by others through the CoinStarter platform.   

 

Unlike any other wallet, our current system allows users to store various coins created 

internally on the CoinStarter platform. We have many more features coming in February 

2018 for the CoinStarter Wallet.  

 

 

Proprietary Technology 
 

CoinStarter deploys proprietary custom technology ensuring secure and smooth 

transactions within the Blockchain. 

 

The User Interface and Technology Set have been designed to be user-friendly and 

intuitive for every step of the process. CoinStarter is taking the latest technology and 

giving it to the individuals who will be able to support their projects like never before.   

 

Additionally, the CoinStarter technology uses all of the usual elements you would 

expect to see from a cryptocurrency including secure movements, stable exchanges, 

and verified transactions. 

 

 

 



30 

 
 

 

Trusted Name 

Combining the decentralized ethos of cryptocurrencies and marrying that with the 

freedom of crowdfunding campaigns means that the StarterCoin will become one of 

the most trusted names in the Cryptocurrency world. The focus is on community within 

the CoinStarter ecosystem. 

 

 

Features of the Platform 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



31 

 

My StarterCoin​ – This feature allows you to earn StarterCoins by completing tasks.  By 

referring new members to the CoinStarter platform gives you bonus coins. 

 

Discover Campaigns​ – This popular feature provides you a window into current & 

future projects scheduled to be launched.  There are currently 11,000 projects being 

built on the CoinStarter platform and over 2,000 submitted for approval. 

 

My Portfolio​ – This feature is where you’ll view and monitor campaigns that you’re 

supporting. 

 

My Wallets​ – This wallet feature shows your overall contribution to campaigns and a 

summary of all issued coins to you in real time. 

 

My Campaigns​ – With this feature, you can manage your past, present and future 

campaigns. 

 

Syndicates​ – This new feature coming soon will allow you to start or join a syndicate 

and follow established ICO influencers. 

 

Start a New Campaign​ – This feature provides you the opportunity to launch a coin 

based funding campaign or a more traditional crowdfunding campaign. 

 

Businefy​ – This is our blockchain based SaaS platform for Business. 

 

CoinStarter Box​ – Get curated ICO coins delivered to your wallet, every month. 

 

 

 

 



32 

 
 Members 

 

We have over 140,000 active members who are ICO and cryptocurrency enthusiast. 

The sizeable CoinStarter community gives us a tremendous advantage over any other 

platform in the market today. More important, our platform has reached this in our first 

three months of beta. The growth potential we believe will explode once we go live with 

our campaigns.  We have over 11,000 projects in development, and over 3,000 of them 

have submitted waiting for approval by the CoinStarter team. 

 

 

 

 



33 

 
 

 

Financial Advantages 
 

The CoinStarter platform is putting a realistic and easy to use solution in the hands of 

those creators and entrepreneurs who wish to raise funds for a project or business 

idea. 

 

Current methods of raising funds are poorly designed and suffer the shortfalls of being 

subject to taxes’ and high fees. Alternative ICO crowdfunding sources suggest that you 

won’t have to pay any taxes on the amount you raise. That just isn’t always true. 

 

The CoinStarter platform will allow those who have raised funds through an ICO to 

transfer the money back to them in cryptocurrencies.  Users should note that in some 

jurisdictions when you convert cryptocurrencies into Fiat currency, this then becomes 

subject to tax.  However, each creator should seek advice from their tax specialist for 

their jurisdiction.  We will charge you a small fee of the total funds raised at the end of 

the campaign in line with our pricing structure (on our website).  We will then also ask 

for a certain amount of the tokens that you have issued as additional compensation for 

running the campaign using the CoinStarter platform. 

 

 

Running your own ICO using our platform 

The CoinStarter platform is an easy and straightforward method for those looking to 

crowdfund a project or business.  Running an ICO from our platform comes with huge 

advantages besides the economic benefits mentioned above. 

 

 



34 

 

Ongoing Support 

Members get continuing support from the CoinStarter community, as well as our online 

support team for technical help. This combined support allows them to discuss ideas, 

answer questions, and get support from those who have already carried out an ICO. 

Already Attracted Investors 

The CoinStarter platform already has over 140,000 members who are interested 

individuals who are looking for opportunities in the ICO space. Using the CoinStarter 

platform will allow creators to showcase their ideas to some of the most 

technologically forward-thinking individuals on the planet. Because Venture Funds and 

Financial Institutions have yet to embrace Cryptocurrencies, the people paying 

attention to CoinStarter are those who have the foresight to see a remarkable 

opportunity.  These are probably the kind of people creators of campaigns want to look 

at their projects. 

 
Simple fee structure 

Creating​ ​an​ ​account​ ​on​ ​CoinStarter​ ​is​ ​free. 

 

CoinStarter​ ​license​ ​fees​ ​are​ ​as​ ​follows:  

 

(a)​ ​fee​ ​of​ ​500​ ​StarterCoins​ ​for​ ​launching​ ​a​ ​project​ ​on​ ​the​ ​CoinStarter​ ​platform;  

(b)​ ​5%​ ​of​ ​the​ ​total​ ​campaign​ ​raised;  

(c)​ ​5%​ ​of​ ​any​ ​newly​ ​issued​ ​token​ ​on​ ​the​ ​CoinStarter​ ​platform.  

 

 



35 

 

 

All​ ​license​ ​fees​ ​charged​ ​by​ ​CoinStarter​ ​are​ ​carried​ ​out​ ​with​ ​the​ ​help​ ​of​ ​smart​ ​contracts​ 

​and​ ​are non-refundable. 

 
 

Start. Build. Grow. 
 

With the combination of CoinStarter, Businefy, and CoinStarterBox, creators of projects 

can raise the capital required for their new company through our crowd funding family. 

Once they have hit your target and established your company, you can then use the 

Businefy platform to run and operate every aspect of your business. 

 

All these synergies are designed to grow with our users, enabling them to add new 

features along the way. 

 

Once you have a new idea, you just return to the Crowdfunding platform to finance it. 

For the first time, entrepreneurs, inventors, creators, and dreamers have a way to start, 

build and grow their enterprise on one platform using the CoinStarter family of 

services. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 



36 

 
 The CoinStarter ICO 

 

Issue 

The initial issue of Coins will be limited to 980,000,000 (nine hundred eighty million) 

during which 71% 695,800,000 (six hundred ninety-five million eight hundred thousand) 

of that will be made available during the Pre-ICO and ICO period. Those coins that are 

allocated for the Pre-ICO and ICO period that are not sold will be burned. 

 

Coins will be allocated in the following way: 

 

 

 



37 

 

 

 

The Coins will be issued through Ethereum Smart Contract upon payment. Any other 

forms of cryptocoin payment will take place within three weeks after the close of the 

ICO. This three week period is designed to allow us to undertake all necessary Know 

Your Client and Audit checks to ensure that there has been no breach of protocol by 

those who have bought during the ICO period. 

 

Coins will be issued directly to the wallet associated with the user. 

 

 
ICO Distribution of Funds 

 

 

 

 



38 

 

At a more detailed level, the following is an overview of how the Company currently 

anticipates using the proceeds from the sale of Tokens: 

System, Technical Development, and Staff, IT (estimated 40% of proceeds): 

The Company aims to grow to anticipate it will need to attract and assign engineers 

with a variety of skillsets, to adequately staff its different development teams. These 

include dedicated teams working on tools, upgrades to the distributed systems, 

infrastructure and network stability, smart contracts and other novel technologies and 

general research. 

 

Marketing and Business Development (estimated 35% of proceeds): 

Through its marketing staff, Company will undertake a variety of marketing-related 

projects and initiatives, including in-person events, press outreach, advertisements, and 

promotional content, analytics and customer management tools. Which will entail a 

dedicated sales team that will manage the sales process for small/medium enterprises 

and undertake project management to coordinate with engineering teams. The 

Company will also build out a dedicated marketing team, which will drive awareness 

and adoption of the Network, plan and execute the marketing initiatives discussed 

above, and develop documentation and tutorials with the goal of encouraging 

adoption. Furthermore, Company will have a dedicated support and customer success 

team that is community-led and will also contribute to the development of 

documentation and tutorials relating to the CoinStarter Network. 

 

Operations, Legal and Customer Support (estimated 15% of proceeds): 

Company’s anticipated infrastructure expenses will focus on establishing and 

maintaining geographically- redundant bridge servers, co-locating critical 

 



39 

 

 

infrastructure, and acquiring and maintaining physical hardware (as necessary). 

Company’s other operating expenses are currently anticipated to include (i) rent for its 

physical premises in international locations, (ii) outside legal and advisory fees, 

including a reserve for potential future professional services, and (iii) office furniture 

and computers. Finally, a back office team will be built, with a generalist staff that 

handles human resources, bookkeeping and logistics, and with an office manager for 

each physical location. 

 

Other Operating and Working Capital for Cryptocash Exchangers (estimated 10% of 

proceeds): 

The envisioned expenditures and areas of development described above are provided 

for illustrative purposes only, and Company reserves the right to allocate its resources, 

including proceeds from the sale of Tokens toward such areas of development at its 

sole discretion. 

 

ICO Crowdsale Bonus Schedule 
 

Crowdsale will last 35 days, and below the time bonus for token purchasers. If you 

bought earlier, you can get a bigger bonus for your purchased amount. For example, a 

person purchases $1000 worth of tokens during the 15% bonus period, the purchase 

will be counted as $1150. 

 

 



40 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Future Goals 
 

CoinStarter plans to add new technical features to the platform and form partnerships 

with specialist in various fields 

 

● Administrative panel for managing multiple projects and campaigns 

simultaneously for campaign creators 

● Drag and drop smart contract builder 

● Continuing development on our unique custom wallet for better management 

and distribution of coins 

 



41 

 

● Adding the Syndicates feature, enabling members to create and join syndicates. 

This proprietary feature will be released soon 

● White label integration which will include: configuration of the web server, 

subdomain registration and wallet development for common style and 

functionality 

 

Other goals in the coming months: 

 

● Whitepaper construction & editing (Network of freelancers on our platform) 

● Legal Support 

● Turn-key solution for community marketing with partner sites and PR for 

projects on our platform 

● A comprehensive compliance system for ICOs to easily navigate the various 

rules and regulations relating to KYC and AML requirements 

● An open source database to share information we gather with our campaign 

creators 

● A forum for our members to communicate with each other 

● CoinStarter Platform integrates its own Exchange using enhanced blockchain 

methods 

● The full launch of CoinStarterBox 

● Finally, we’re excited about some additional stealth innovations that we will 

introduce in the coming months that will be game changers for our industry 

 

 

 

 

 



42 

 
 

Top 10 Q&A 
 

1. Why should I use the CoinStarter platform to launch a project? 

You quickly reach over 140,000 loyal ICO enthusiast that will get the word out about 

your upcoming ICO. The cost of marketing, PR and community involvement reduced by 

the presence of an ever-growing audience.  So this helps solve many issues in raising 

funds for your project. By receiving funds in cryptocurrency, you automatically have 

access to the entire world. CoinStarter eliminates all the inefficiencies like financial 

institutions and intermediaries. 

 

Another reason is the user-friendly and intuitive quality of the CoinStarter platform. You 

can literary launch a campaign in minutes compared to days, weeks and months.  We 

provide the framework and the proven formula, so you don't need to make the mistakes 

others make in launching a new campaign. 

 

We succeed if you succeed, it's that simple. 

 

2. Can I also post on other platforms? 

We do not prohibit the use of using other crowdfunding platforms while running a 

campaign on the CoinStarter platform.  

 

 

 

 

 



43 

 

3. What is the CoinStarter platform? 

CoinStarter is a platform where users can launch a crowdfunding or coin based 

fundraising campaign in minutes.  Users and backers will be able to participate in ICO, 

pre-ICO or support other crowdfunding campaigns on the platform. 

 

4. What is ICO and Pre-ICO? 

An Initial Coin Offering (ICO) has become a favorite way to raise funds for projects 

based on blockchain and cryptocurrencies. An ICO is a cryptocoin crowdsale, where a 

blockchain-based project allows enthusiasts and supporters to participate in the 

project by purchasing part of its tokens in advance. ICOs typically take place in the 

early phases of a project. The idea is that instead of raising traditional funding from a 

bank or investors, a company that sells tokens to its customers ensures those 

customers better aligned with the company’s goals and success. 

 

Pre-ICO - this is the stage before ICO (main stage), fundraising for the project. Pre-ICO 

is conducted to test and verify the demand for the project, get support from the 

community and expand the budget for marketing before the main ICO. Not all projects 

carry out pre-ICO. 

 

5. How many StarterCoins will I receive for 1 ETH? 

1 ETH = 4500 StarterCoins (STAC) 

 

6. Which wallet should I use to hold StarterCoins? 

Use personal wallets like MyEtherWallet, Jaxx, and Mist.  We recommend the Ethereum 

Wallet. 

 

 



44 

 

7. What is StarterCoin and what can it be used for? 

StarterCoin is not stock, a good or investment. StarterCoin is a cryptocurrency which 

gives rights and privileges to their owners when using the CoinStarter platform and its 

family of companies. After the ICO there will be a limited supply of StarterCoins. 

 

StarterCoins used by those users who will support campaigns launched on the 

platform. Until then, they are available during the ICO, which starts in November.  After 

that, you will not be able to buy StarterCoin from us, but you can buy them on the 

exchanges, after their placement. 

 

8. What happens to the undistributed coins? 

Any unsold coins during the ICO will be burned. 

 

9. Will there be more StarterCoins created after the crowdfunding ICO? 

No, the StarterCoins created during the ICO period represent the entire supply of the 

StarterCoin.  So there can be no further creation of StarterCoins after the ICO ends. 

 

10. How do you store the StarterCoins? 

StarterCoins are generated and controlled by a smart contract. StarterCoins are stored 

in a cold wallet and secured by MultiSig. 

 

 

 

 

 



45 

 
 

The Team 
 

My name is Cornell Holloway. I'm a technologist and software developer with a passion 

for blockchain technology.  

Early this year I began developing software that would fundamentally change the 

crowdfunding space. I knew that I needed a talented group of hard-working 

professionals driven to build and deploy a new software to serve innovators and the 

ICO community worldwide.  

We've been working around the clock on the CoinStarter technology. We believe that 

with proper funding we'll be able to complete the final stages of the software 

development and launch the full CoinStarter platform sometime in late February. So I'm 

proud to introduce our devoted team members.   

 



46 

 

 
 



47 

 
 

Regulation 
 

In contrast to conventional securities, ICOs are currently unregulated or only lightly 

regulated in many countries - though there have recently been moves to tighten 

regulation in certain key jurisdictions. This partly reflects their status as a totally new 

class of financial asset; partly the fact that they are generally structured differently to 

assets like stocks, bonds and so on; and partly because their decentralised nature 

makes it very difficult for the authorities to regulate them as tightly as centralised 

securities. 

Additionally, ICO tokens may take many different forms, serving various purposes. 

Whilst it is possible to issue dividend-paying assets, this is not encouraged or common 

because it raises legal and regulatory issues for both investors and issuing businesses 

or individuals. Instead, tokens often serve the purpose of an internal currency or ‘fuel’ 

for the platform. For example, Ethereum raised money at its crowdfund by selling Ether 

(ETH), which is used as ‘gas’ when transactions are made on the network. Because 

ETH is needed to create a smart contract or send tokens on Ethereum, demand for it is 

built into the platform. Although it is subject to speculative forces, like any other 

cryptocurrency or even commodities like gold or wheat, its value is underpinned by this 

demand. Many blockchain tokens issued at ICO can therefore be considered as broadly 

analogous to other kinds of digital products of value, such as software or ebook 

downloads. These do not fit easily within existing securities regulation. 

 

Notwithstanding, the large amount of money flowing into the blockchain sector 

through ICOs has prompted increased scrutiny from regulators, and in recent weeks 

and months there have been some significant developments. The Monetary Authority 

 



48 

 

of Singapore (MAS) has just clarified that ‘the offer or issue of digital tokens in 

Singapore will be regulated by MAS if the digital tokens constitute products regulated 

under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) (SFA)’, whilst recognising that ‘The 

types of digital tokens offered in Singapore and elsewhere vary widely. Some offers 

may be subject to the SFA while others may not be. All issuers of digital tokens, 

intermediaries facilitating or advising on an offer of digital tokens, and platforms 

facilitating trading in digital tokens should therefore seek independent legal advice to 

ensure they comply with all applicable laws, and consult MAS where appropriate.’ This 

clarification has been made partly because ICOs are vulnerable to money laundering 

and terrorist financing (ML/TF) risks, and partly because some ICO tokens evidently do 

fall under the existing definition of what constitutes a security. 

 

At the end of July, the US Securities and Exchanges Commission (SEC) similarly issued 

a report cautioning investors that some ICO tokens would fall under the definition of a 

security and would be subject to the same regulation: ‘federal securities laws apply to 

those who offer and sell securities in the United States, regardless whether the issuing 

entity is a traditional company or a decentralized autonomous organization, regardless 

whether those securities are purchased using U.S. dollars or virtual currencies, and 

regardless whether they are distributed in certificated form or through distributed 

ledger technology. 

 

In practice, it is difficult for the authorities to prevent individuals from investing in ICOs 

due to the peer-to-peer and relatively private nature of cryptocurrency transactions. 

This does not change the reality that issuing and investing in certain ICOs will be illegal 

in some jurisdictions. The evolving nature of the regulatory picture also means that the 

detail of the situation is unclear for some jurisdictions, pending further clarification of 

what kinds of ICO offering fall within the relevant definitions of what constitutes a 

security. 

 



49 

 
 

Disclaimers 
 

PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO 

THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, OR 

OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). 

 

The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any 

elements of a contractual relationship. While we make every effort to ensure that any 

material in this Whitepaper is accurate and up to date, such material in no way 

constitutes the provision of professional advice. StarterCoin does not guarantee, and 

accepts no legal liability whatsoever arising from or connected to, the accuracy, 

reliability, currency, or completeness of any material contained in this Whitepaper. 

Investors and potential StarterCoin holders should seek appropriate independent 

professional advice prior to relying on, or entering into any commitment or transaction 

based on, material published in this Whitepaper, which material is purely published for 

reference purposes alone. 

 

StarterCoins will not be intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This 

Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not 

intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities 

in any jurisdiction. CoinStarter does not provide any opinion on any advice to purchase, 

sell, or otherwise transact with StarterCoins and the fact of presentation of this 

Whitepaper shall not form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any 

contract or investment decision. No person is bound to enter into any contract or 

 



50 

 

binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of StarterCoinss, and no 

cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this 

Whitepaper. 

 

This CoinStarter Whitepaper is for information purposes only. We do not guarantee the 

accuracy of or the conclusions reached in this Whitepaper, and this Whitepaper is 

provided “as is”. This Whitepaper does not make and expressly disclaims all 

representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, whatsoever, 

including, but not limited to: (i) warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular 

purpose, suitability, usage, title or non-infringement; (ii) that the contents of this 

Whitepaper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party 

rights and its affiliates shall have no liability for damages of any kind arising out of the 

use, reference to, or reliance on this Whitepaper or any of the content contained herein, 

even if advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will team CoinStarter or 

its affiliates be liable to any person or entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs 

or expenses of any kind, whether direct or indirect, consequential, compensatory, 

incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive or special for the use of, reference to, or reliance 

on this Whitepaper or any of the content contained herein, including, without limitation, 

any loss of business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill or other intangible losses. 

CoinStarter makes no representations or warranties (whether express or implied), and 

disclaims all liability arising from any information stated in the Whitepaper. In 

particular, the “Roadmap” as set out in the text of the Whitepaper is subject to change, 

which means that CoinStarter is not bound by any representations to the future 

performance and the returns of StarterCoin. The actual results and the performance of 

CoinStarter may differ materially from those set out in the CoinStarter Whitepaper. 

 

 



51 

 

Please note that contents of CoinStarter Whitepaper may be altered or updated at any 

time in future by the project’s management team. The Whitepaper has been prepared 

solely in respect of CoinStarter Offering of StarterCoins. No shares or other securities 

of the Company are being offered in any jurisdiction pursuant to the Whitepaper. The 

Whitepaper does not constitute an offer or invitation to any person to subscribe for or 

purchase shares, rights or any other securities in the Company. The shares of the 

Company are not being presently offered to be, registered under Securities Act of any 

country, or under any securities laws of any state. the tokens referred to in this 

Whitepaper have not been registered, approved, or disapproved by the us securities 

and exchange commission, any state securities commission in the United States or any 

other regulatory authority nor any of the foregoing authorities examined or approved 

the characteristics or the economic realities of this token sale or the accuracy or the 

adequacy of the information contained in this Whitepaper under, the U.S. Securities act 

of 1933 as amended, or under the securities laws of any state of the united states of 

America or any other jurisdiction. Purchasers of the tokens referred to in this 

Whitepaper should be aware that they bear any risks involved in acquisition of 

StarterCoin, if any, for an indefinite period of time. Some of the statements in the 

Whitepaper include forward-looking statements which reflect Team CoinStarter current 

views with respect to product development, execution roadmap, financial performance, 

business strategy and future plans, both with respect to the company and the sectors 

and industries in which the company operates. Statements which include the words 

''expects'', ''intends'', ''plans'', ''believes'', ''projects'', ''anticipates'', ''will'', ''targets'', ''aims'', 

''may'', ''would'', ''could'', ''continue'' and similar statements are of a future or 

forward-looking nature. All forward-looking statements address matters that involve 

risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could 

cause the group's actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these 

statements. These factors include but are not limited to those described in the part of 

the Whitepaper entitled '' risk factors '', which should be read in conjunction with the 

 



52 

 

other cautionary statements that are included in the Whitepaper. Any forward-looking 

statements in this Whitepaper reflect the Company's current views with respect to 

future events and are subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions 

relating to the Company's operations, results of operations and growth strategy. These 

forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of the Whitepaper. Subject to 

industry acceptable disclosure and transparency rules and common practices, the 

company undertakes no obligation publicly to update or review any forward-looking 

statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the 

CoinStarter or individuals acting on behalf of CoinStarter are expressly qualified in their 

entirety by this paragraph. No statement in the Whitepaper is intended as a profit 

forecast and no statement in the Whitepaper should be interpreted to mean that the 

earnings of CoinStarter for the current or future years would be as may be implied in 

this Whitepaper. By agreeing to acquire CoinStarter Coins I hereby acknowledge that I 

have read and understand the notices and disclaimers set out above and contained in 

this Whitepaper. 

 

No regulatory authority has examined or approved any of the information set out in this 

Whitepaper. Thus, no action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory 

requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination 

of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or 

rules have been complied with. Please refer to our website for terms & conditions of 

participating in the CoinStarter Coin Offering. 

 


