

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































SWA R M  F U N D

White Paper
September 7, 2017
Contents of the white paper are subject 
to changes and improvements.

Cooperative Ownership Platform for Real Assets



Swarm Fund was built as a response to the tendency of finance 
to go into internal hype cycles that make the rich richer without 
delivering real value. Our governance-first model has been 
designed to bring $1 trillion in real assets into the blockchain 
world by creating a platform for regulatory engagement and a fully 
compliant legal container for highly profitable and scalable real 
assets.
 
As with other highly successful network models like Visa, our 
infrastructure is fully accessible and entirely governed by its 
community members. We use a token based, stake-weighted, 
liquid democracy system to provide both an early adopter incentive 
and input into long-term decision making. This is augmented by 
a reputational system which helps streamline capital deployment 
and allow a fusion of human and artificial intelligence. 

We launch with multiple partner funds (distressed real estate, art, 
renewables, hedge funds) who have already deployed $100mm+ 
with 30+% IRR and team members who have built platforms 
that handle over $20B in transactions per month. Our market 
infrastructure allows funds to automate creation, fundraising, 
deployment, distribution, and reporting via a process language 
that is an enhancement of currently available smart contract 
technology.

Abstract

2



DISCLAIMER 

The attached white paper is meant to describe Swarm’s currently anticipated plans for developing 
its business and its SWARM Tokens.  Nothing in this document should be treated or read as a 
guarantee or promise of how Swarm’s business will develop or of the utility or value of the SWARM; 
the document outlines our current plans, which could change at our discretion, and the success of 
which will depend on many factors outside our control, including market-based factors and factors 
within the cryptocurrency industries, among others.  Any statements about future events are based 
solely on our analysis of the issues described in this document, and our analysis may prove to 
be incorrect.  Purchasing SWARM is subject to many potential risks, some of which are described 
in this paper, and some of which are provided in the FAQ on the SWARM Tokens and the Token 
Offering and in the risk disclosures for the Token Offering [link to each of these].  These documents, 
along with additional information about our business and the SWARM, are available on our website.  
Purchasers of SWARM could lose all or some of the value of the funds used to purchase SWARM.

3



1. INTRODUCTION 5
1.1 Overview 5
1.2 Our Value Proposition 6
1.3 Current Investment Drawbacks 7
1.4 Mission Statement: Why we Created Swarm Fund 8
2. SWARM INNOVATIONS 10
2.1 Liquid Democracy  10
2.2 Process Language 14
3. SWARM TOKEN 17
3.1 Two-tiered Token Model  17
3.2 Token Mechanism 18
4. SWARM PLATFORM MODEL 21
4.1 Swarm Layers 21
5. SWARM APPLICATIONS 23
5.1 Characteristics of Pilot Asset Classes 24
5.2 Crypto Hedge Fund 25
5.3 Distressed Real Estate 25
5.4 Solar Installations 25
5.5 Revenue-based Financing 26
5.6 Purpose-driven Funding Pools 26
6. TOKEN OFFERING 27
6.1 Token Offering in Brief 27
6.2 Pricing during Sale 28
6.3 Post-sale Liquidity Release 29
6.4 Sale Phases 30
6.5 Token Allocation 31
7. ROADMAP 32
7.1 Key Activities & Partnerships To Date 32
7.2 Finances 33
8. LEADERSHIP 36
8.1 Core Team 36
8.2 Capital Market Advisors 40
8.3 Legal and Co-op Advisors 40
8.4 Technology Advisors 41
8.5 Governance and Organizational Design  41
8.6 Partners 42
9. LEGAL INNOVATIONS 43

4



1.1 OVERVIEW

The Swarm Fund team plans to help the 
crypto world grow to $1 trillion by bringing 
tokenized real-world assets through partner 
funds.

The Swarm Fund team has managed $10B in 
portfolios and built platforms which handle 
$25B of monthly deal flow and already has 
several pre-selected funds which generate 
30+% IRR through scalable models powered 
by artificial intelligence.

Swarm token holders will govern the platform 
in which all of this will happen and receive 
additional tokens on the private blockchain. 
This will allow them to participate in all of the 
subfunds. 

This system is designed to be adaptable 
for full regulatory compliance in multiple 
jurisdictions. The corridor between the public 
and private blockchain tokens is additionally 
designed to be fully AML/KYC compliant and to 
follow the model of existing exchanges.

1. Introduction

Swarm is building technology bottom up which 
ensures successful execution of program 
instructions, including a logic programming-
based “state box” which use distributed state 
machines to ensure full-program execution, 
and an operational liquid democracy platform.

Our technology and blockchain co-op model 
will likely also be useful for other industry 
verticals besides finance.

People should participate if they believe in the 

value proposition of democratizing finance, 

collaborative ownership, high returns, and the 

soundness of both the team and technology. 

5



Swarm goes beyond the typical ICO approach:

Standard ICO Approach Swarm Approach

Utility token on public blockchain Utility token on public blockchain, and unlimited 
sub-tokens

Unclear underlying value Sub-tokens backed by existing highly profitable 
subfunds holding real assets

Single Swiss nonprofit foundation Seven inter-networked legal entities in different 
jurisdictions united by one platform co-op 

Unclear relation with regulators Openly approached lawmakers with model in 
7  Direct relationships with regulators in multiple 
jurisdictions and organized legal conferences with 
extremely positive responses

Prototype product or no product Working tested product of utility layer and private 
blockchain asset structure

No governance Liquid democracy model that allows token holders 
to elect board members

No experience delivering product Team includes two previous CEOs with proven 
track records building and selling companies  

Token value is derived from velocity of token transfer Token value is derived from working highly 
profitable existing business model

Unknown or non-existent AML/KYC Fully compliant AML/KYC through private 
blockchain implementation fully implementing 
local jurisdictions 

1.2 OUR VALUE PROPOSITION: 
APPLYING SWARM INTELLIGENCE 
TO WALL ST. AND AUTOMATING 
EVERYTHING
Viewed from the standpoint of organizational 
design, Wall St. is little more than a collection 
of archaic incentive models waiting for a fully 
peer-to-peer organization to disintermediate 
and redistribute the wealth that is 
monopolized by a small group of insiders. 
Like the taxi medallions, insiders are able to 
manipulate market prices by creating artificial 
scarcity and promoting uneducated fear of 
other models.

Peer-to-peer models consistently beat 
protectionist monopoly-based models 
because they directly incentivize top 
performers rather than creating multiple levels 

of opaque hierarchy, and because they layer 
dynamically generated reputation on top of 
these models. 

Additionally, peer-to-peer models are a 
perfect substrate for the utilization of artificial 
intelligence and a much higher degree of 
automation in general. Peer-to-peer models 
combined with models of cooperative 
ownership also allow a high degree of control 
over abuse of big data and integration with 
other governance systems so as to offset 
against any potential abuses of the system. 
Systems are a product of their incentives. If 
the existing Wall St. model has incentives for 
protectionism and hierarchy, Swarm Fund 
has incentives for early identification of talent 
and rewards that proportionally follow high 
performance. 

6



1.3 CURRENT INVESTMENT 
DRAWBACKS
Crypto Token Holders
The investment landscape for crypto coin 
holders is largely limited in choice to either 
a selection of established crypto currencies, 
e.g Bitcoin, Ether, Ripple and more, or a 
selection of more recently issued tokens, e.g 
altcoins. As much as the overall crypto asset 
developments are extremely positive, both 
asset categories have significant challenges 
associated with them from an investment 
perspective.
 ◆ For Bitcoin and Ether, volatility is a major 
factor. Holding a significant portfolio of 
Bitcoin and Ether implies that the net asset 
value fluctuates by a significant percentage 
on a monthly basis. As an investment, this 
could be desired, but for the purpose of 
predictable preservation of value, it is highly 
undesirable.

 ◆ For investment in altcoins, the challenges 
are primarily related to the evaluation of 
assets prior to investment, and lack of 
liquidity, post investment. It is also difficult 
for many investors to clearly understand the 
market dynamics of the coins.

 ◆ Although the two million transactions 
every week and growing between people, 
businesses, and charities suggest a 
significant value exchange, the grand 

question of the intrinsic value of Bitcoin and 
its crypto peers remains.1

Meanwhile, tokens that store digital value are 
breaking into the mainstream investment 
landscape as a new asset class in which to 
allocate investment capital. This is largely 
driven by an increasing awareness of the 
excess returns generated by the early investors 
in this category. But for the mainstream 
investor this new asset class presents 
challenges, namely the workflow basics of 
navigating the trading and asset security. 

Market Problems in Traditional Investing
Over the last 15 years, a simple S&P 500 index 
fund outperformed 92% of large-cap funds . 
Even higher, the percentages of mid-cap and 
small-cap funds lagging their benchmarks 
were 95% and 93%, respectively. The odds of 
doing better than an index fund are near to 1 
out of 20 when selecting an actively-managed 
domestic equity mutual fund.2

Finding products with high investment return 
is a challenge, which increases as the target 
return increases. The marquee products 
offering more than 10% returns are invariably 
hard to access (Bridgewater generally requires 
that its clients have a minimum of $5 billion of 
investable assets3).

Crypto
Tokens
Today

 ($100B)

Real assets on 
chain ($1T+)

Regulatorily 
compliant 

corridor

Old world finance
(3T in hedge funds 

returning less than 3.5%)

Bridge to the New Financial World

1 “Look, this is a perfect asset for a speculative bubble…There is a finite supply. There is no intrinsic value. If anybody is persuading you that it should somehow be related to 
some GDP or gold…put down the Kool-Aid and back away.” Henry Blodget, founder and CEO of Business Insider, on CNBC’s Squawk Alley
2 http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-way-fewer-actively-managed-funds-beat-the-sp-than-we-thought-2017-04-24
3 https://www.elitetrader.com/et/threads/so-you-want-bridgewater-to-manage-your-money-there-is-one-small-condition.290936/

7



Take real estate as an example. Investors 
mostly face three major challenges:
 ◆ The most exciting deals are for insiders only; 
accessing them requires working through 
middlemen that are costly, sometimes 
untrustworthy and who often only operate 
locally.

 ◆ Large amounts of money is required to 
participate in the best opportunities.

 ◆ Worst of all, investment is often tied down 
for an indefinite amount of time.

Combinations of these challenges are part of 
any traditional investment product category, 
e.g private equity and hedge funds. 

1.4 MISSION STATEMENT: 
WHY WE CREATED SWARM FUND
Swarm is a fully decentralized capital 
marketplace platform built on blockchain 
technology that is entirely owned by the 
community.
Our vision is to allow anyone, anywhere in 
the world, to participate in the value creation 
within the crypto asset category and to 
capture opportunity in new types of asset-
backed tokens, anything from distressed 
real estate to solar installations to rainforest 
preservation projects and many more.
Swarm turns financial opportunities from 
exclusive into inclusive. We provide the 
empowerment, access, and tradability so 
anyone can take part and have their crypto 
funds work for them.
With Swarm we will:
 ◆ Make it extremely simple for hands-off, or 
novice crypto investors to participate in a 
composite of wealth creation resulting from 
utilizing the crypto space.

 ◆ Create a viable framework and hub for 
crypto investors to invest into alternative, 
asset-backed token opportunities, in order 
to escape market volatility.

 ◆ Introduce a new alternative liquidity hub for 
project owners with attractive underlying 
economics to find capital and engage with 
the investor community.  

Core Objective: Follow The Experts
Swarm allows experts to run their own 
syndicates and have other crypto investors join 
them in projects and deal opportunities, with 
no middlemen involved.
We are building an ecosystem of experts with 
any kind of edge (track record, trading ability, 
unique data, unique deal access, etc.) to allow 
crypto investors to follow and co-invest with 
them.
This changes the mechanics of the traditional 
fund/GP model, as investments can be as 
large or small as the investor wants them to 
be, and they can operate the fund structures 
very flexibly. Also, it breaks up the syndicates 
of gatekeepers and rigid structures of 
institutional capital as it is deployed today.

Core Objective: Combine Token Flexibility 
With Real Opportunities 
Crypto investors have appreciated the 
flexibility and immediate market-making 
function that tokenization has introduced. 
Tokens and their underlying smart contracts 
represent the ultimate opportunity of two 
parties to come together and interact without 
middlemen. Part of that is the freedom to 
trade or co-own tokens. That is the freedom 
we want to bring to any kind of asset class.  
When a participant likes an opportunity 
running on Swarm they will be able to pool 
funds together with others and invest as little 
or as much as they want to realize the project 
and see the opportunity grow.
At the same time, all the projects become 
tradable asset-backed tokens. Participants can 
buy or sell these tokens whenever they want, 
and they decide how long to engage. All trades 
are made using blockchain technology, making 
them fast, transparent and secure.

8



Core Objective: Collective Intelligence
We believe in the swarm intelligence hypothesis that decentralized networks 
can out-compete traditional centralized entities, and that the trust and 
transparency embedded in blockchains highly facilitates this.
The foundational element of the blockchain is data transparency, which 
provides a basis for an unprecedented degree of machine-driven methods to 
generate insights and take actions.
Ultimately, with Swarm we envision a degree of investment automation, that 
helps participants make informed and data-driven investment decisions, 
while using reputational scores to maintain the health of the market. But 
automation goes further, where every step of the investment process, from 
workflows to set-up of legal structures can and will be automated over time, 
creating an efficient system without single points of failure or control.

With Swarm we envision a degree of 
investment automation.

9



2. Swarm Innovations

2.1 LIQUID DEMOCRACY 
Network Democracy as Liquid Democracy
Network democracy is a stake-weighted 
delegated voting system (liquid democracy) 
which also provides options for enhanced 
stake and programmable liquidity.
Stake-weighted means that voting power is 
directly proportional to the amount of stake 
you have in a project. In the blockchain world, 
this is typically called your ”tokens” or ”coins.” 
In the world of stock, this would be called your 
”stock” or ”shares.” 
Liquid democracy involves ”delegated voting” 
and implies that someone can delegate their 
vote to another party at any point, for as long 
of a period as they desire. This allows them to 
maintain a degree of control without having 
to participate in minute decision making. 
This is in some ways similar to the decision 
an investor makes when they give someone 
capital for a project, the key distinction being 
that in a liquid democracy the investor retains 
control of the capital. 
Stake-weighted liquid democracy is a 
highly flexible governance model which 
accommodates anything from one-member-
one vote to traditional corporate arrangements 
to novel forms of collectives. It also 
appropriately incentivizes the many different 
types of possible contributions to a network 
(code, community contributions, funding) and 
allows for both decision making capability 
and rewards. It also integrates with other 
automated decision making structures such as 
futarchy. 

Swarm employs an enhanced voting stake 
process. The enhanced voting stake makes use 
of a locking period and is a proposed addition 

to the stake-weighted liquid democracy that 
does not allow tokens to be traded for a 
certain period. This can also allow a person 
to have a proportionally higher voting weight 
if they have a provable long-term stake in the 
network. 

Traditional model: 
Voting weight (vw) and network stake (s) are 
equivalent. 

Enhanced model: 

In this case, voting weight is no longer simply 
network stake s but stake plus an additional 
amount of weight depending on both the 
length of the time lock and the additional 
parameter n. For example, with tl denominated 
in months and an n of .2, a five-month time 
lock would effectively double the voting 
weight.

Programmable liquidity indicates that the 
stake can be gradually introduced to the 
network for tradability. It is complementary 
to a locking period, in the sense that you can 
accommodate both long-term stake and 
liquidity with incentives on both ends. 

In this case, liquid stake sl is the total stake 
owned by the participant multiplied by 
the remaining time of the time lock as a 
percentage. This drip liquidity allows people 

10



to gradually realize their returns without any 
major disruption to the network state.

The Swarm Platform provides several clear 
enhancements over traditional models, 
including incentives for early adoption, 
compatible short and long-term incentives, 
flexible liquidity models accommodating 
multiple organizational types, and 
accountability and automation via reputational 
systems. 

Swarm makes use of futarchy for automation 
purposes. Futarchy allows automation of 
decision making via prediction markets. 
Network democracy accommodates vote 
delegation to an automated prediction market. 

The Swarm Platform, by virtue of nested 
smart contracts which pass proceeds up to 
the maintainer of the platform is able to fully 
self-fund. This is an evolution in the funding 
of public goods as neither donations nor taxes 
are needed in this model. 

A funding pool is an organization governed 
by network democracy that distributes funds. 
It can be structured similar to an investment 
fund, in which case it seeks opportunities or 
some other purpose (e.g. advocacy, education). 
Funds that go into any funding pool can be 
allocated by a higher level network democracy 
or received independently. 

Swarm Funding Pools

11



 
Trust Network 
The trust network is made up of many 
independent trust endorsements (i.e. vectors) 
which create accountability and allow 
automation. 

Trust Equation 

The trust is the sum of all trusted parties and 
their recommendations from the standpoint 
of an individual (here represented as vectors, 
which can be positive or negative). In this case, 
we record all of these endorsements and allow 
multiple levels of ascription and derivation. 

Trust currency is made up by individual 
immutable trust vectors. Each trust 
vector i t is an endorsement. A endorses B 
for X. This has a timestamp and an optional 
weight represented as a number from [-1 .. 0 .. 
1]. The ability to provide a negative filter as well 
as a positive one is important for separating 
signal from noise (an example of a similar 
problem being Facebook fake news). As with 
other open networks, it has an open-access 
policy and the nature of the endorsements is 
pseudonymous. 

4 TrustGraph.io - Harlan T. Wood, Adam Apollo

The Trust Graph

These vectors are optimally represented as a graph. This graph illustrates that trust (including what 
we believe to be true) can be derived from the various trust vectors on the network. 

Swarm Trust Vectors4

12



The implications of a trust model are 
numerous. An open reputation ledger built of 
individual trust vectors is a critical element 
in the Swarm Platform. It helps incentivize 
positive overall social contributions and 
augment the network more generally. It also 
allows full automation. For example, portfolio 
allocation decisions can be made by artificial 
intelligence. It also makes certain other 
accountability mechanisms less necessary due 
to the strong social component. 
Brock Pierce (and the Big Imagination camp at 
Burning Man ’16), Matan Field (Backfeed), Adam 
Apollo and Harlan Wood (TrustGraph.io) were 
all instrumental in catalyzing conceptions of 
trust networks.

Swarm Platform As A Representation Of 
Holonic Principles 
Both with respect to legal integration and 
governance principles, the stack may have 
a virtually unlimited number of nested sub-
entities, each with its own governance 
principle. With respect to legal systems, 
this is made possible by the increasing 
ease of creating legal entities via innovative 
nation states, APIs and other technologically 
innovative means. Blockchain and smart 
contracts also complement this structure by 
being extensible by design.

Swarm Platform as a Representation of Holonic Principles

13



2.2 PROCESS LANGUAGE
Introduction
Problem statement. Each asset class demands 
specialised management and reporting 
procedures that need to be implemented by a 
smart contract.

Commonly, this is done by providing a functional 
specification using natural language and in some 
cases a picture of a flow chart for clarification 
purposes. Then, one proceeds to implement this 
into a smart contract. This code is subsequently 
reviewed and promoted into the Swarm smart 
contract by a liquid democratic vote.

This approach has the following downsides:
A. Using natural language can lead to unclear 

specifications which only become clear once 
the details are implemented. Due to this lag 
and typically requiring multiple iterations 
between the smart contract programmer and 
the process architect, this is an expensive 
process.

B. There is an impedance mismatch between 
linear structure of code and the non-linear 
nature of processes. The state of a smart 
contract is hard to inspect, requiring custom 
visualisations to convert the “memory bytes” 
into something humans can understand.

C. The high level functional specification is 
converted to low level smart contract code 
and its structure is lost. It is complicated 
or completely impossible to reason on the 
functional level about such smart contract 
code.

D. There is plenty of room for bugs, 
misinterpretations, and little space for smart 
tooling.

E. At the smart contract level, the common 
language is low level and thus there is no 
way to compare the smart contract on the 
“functional specification” level.

Solution. To attack this problem head on, Swarm 
uses a process language called Statebox (http://
statebox.org) to describe, monitor and execute 
workflows. Statebox was created by a team 
around Swarm’s Jelle Herold. Processes are 
an integral part of investment workflows and 
assessing assets, therefore they constitute a key 
part of the Swarm foundation’s research mission.

By using a process language as the primary tool 
to implement our smart contract, we gain on 
various fronts:
The specification and execution use exactly the 
same code, avoiding a high-latency feedback 
loop between programmer and architect.
A. Because the language has a visual 

representation, it does not need any 
specialized visualisations to “see” the state of 
a smart contract instance.

B. The high-level specification is based 
on mathematical structures with clean 
semantics. It is designed to have a maximum 
of structure suitable for (automated) reasoning 
and fine grained analytics. This high level 
specification is directly executed, preserving 
the functional intent.

C. The language is not a general purpose 
imperative programming language (such as 
Solidity). Instead, it is a declarative language, 
specialised to specify terminating processes. 
The declarative nature facilitates tooling and 
avoids many common smart contract bugs 
(by moving responsibility to the compiler, 
which itself is implemented in a dependently 
typed programming language and can further 
be supplemented with formal correctness 
proofs). 

D. While each asset class has a different 
management process, they are expressed in 
the same high-level language and thus can be 
compared. We envision a lattice and/or metric 
space of processes, where best-practise 
processes can actually be quantified.

14



Basic System Structure
The statebox process language is built to be 
entirely compositional. You can think of it as 
being constructed from “boxes” and “wires”. 
The “atoms” in the systems are ‘typed datums’ 
and the types are the message boundaries 
upon which a process network is built.

To facilitate interoperability and disambiguate 
data, every message and datum has a 
“type declaration” associated with it. These 
descriptions can also be used to automatically 
generate web-forms or APIs.

A. Data and Types
All data shapes are described by a 
(programming language agnostic) composable 
finite-type declaration language inspired 
by polynomial functors/cartesian monoidal 
categories without exponentials (functions) 
(http://typedefs.com). This is similar to protocol 
buffers except that the typedefs language has 
a minimal number of features and exhibits 
various existing mathematical structures. This 
facilitates correctness proofs and embedding 
in typed programming languages (such as 
purescript or idris).

There is a well-defined binary serialisation 
and deserialisation format, for both types and 
terms. Similarly, there is a codec for JSON + 
JSON Schema. A type definition has a globally 
unique identifier (hash of the serialised type).

Example of such type declarations:

bool : type

bool = true:1 + false:1

char : type

char = bool^8

utf32 : type

utf32 = char^*

list : a -> type

list a = cons:(a × list a) + empty:1

person : type

person = name:utf32 × age:uint8 × gender:bool

B. Process Definitions
Statebox is based on categorical mathematics. 
Unlike typical smart contract code, its 
programs are based on diagrammatic 
languages called string diagrams. The visual 
nature makes it very clear what contract the 
user is about to engage with and what state 
the contract is in.

The language does not strive for Turing 
completeness. Instead, processes are 
guaranteed to terminate. They are also 
compositional while preserving their properties 
(such as the termination guarantees).

A compiler turns these process definitions into 
smart contract bytecode, using a subset of 
the Ethereum VM, ensuring correctness. The 
compiler itself can be proven mathematically 
correct. 

15

https://github.com/google/protobuf
https://github.com/google/protobuf


Use Cases

KPI Reporting
Process analytics are usually an afterthought: 
specialised analytics code is written to process 
system logs into statistics. Statebox, however, 
makes analytics a native aspect of the system. 
All process executions generate analytics 
which will be reported back to the community. 
This way the Swarm token holders can make 
informed decisions and vote on data, rather 
than feelings.

Compliance
Every transaction is cryptographically signed 
and the entire process execution history 
is visible on the blockchain. Therefore, the 
execution of a workflow process is auditable 
and can be checked for compliance.

Process Optimization
Normally, processes are written in a syntactic 
fashion. However, the visual nature of Statebox 
workflows combined with analytics make it 
extremely easy to identify bottlenecks and 
subsequently change the process. 
Because there is no work needed to go from 
process specification to the smart contract, 
there is a very low-latency feedback loop, 
allowing for quick iterations of the process.

16



3. Swarm Token

3.1 TWO-TIERED TOKEN MODEL 
The Swarm model has two layers. The first 
layer is a utility token which allows access to 
the underlying subtokens and grants access to 
the Swarm’s governance technology.

The second layer includes the many financial 
opportunities run by the Swarm syndication 
partners and made possible through their own 
applications and tokens on the SUN (Swarm 
Utility Network). 

The use of Swarm Services and Application 
layers happens on the Swarm Utility Network 
(SUN). Participants of SUN will be charged fees, 
similar to those of a trading market (SUN Fees). 
These fees will initially be denominated in 
cryptocurrency, namely ETH or BTC, but later 
also in SWARM tokens.

SUN tokens can be custom to each project. 
Once the Swarm network clears way for a 
new application to be established, participants 
of SUN can release their own tokens (SUN 
Tokens) for their application, against which 
they can raise their own application liquidity, 
ultimately in both crypto and fiat funds.

SUN tokens can evolve into different versions 
based on newer features or governance 
structures. SUN tokens can abide by their 
own governance and regulations, subject to 
oversight by the Swarm community.

The token distributed during the token launch is known as the Swarm 

Token, or SWARM. The SWARM token is a standard ERC20 token (on the 

Ethereum platform) that allows one to use the Swarm software platform.

The utility unlocked by the SWARM token is the ability to create 

subfunds, participate in token offerings of Swarm projects, get access 

to information that is exclusive to our network, and execute network 

governance functions. Participation of its members is key to the Swarm 

platform. Over time, more functionality will be released that helps 

generate swarm intelligence for the benefit of the network. This follows 

the model pioneered by Visa, SWIFT, and other consortia where common 

infrastructure is maintained by member organizations.

17



PROJECT

Asset Company
(SPV)

SWARM
MEMBERS

Allocate Crypto Funds
to SPV Funding Pool

Invests
Funds

Basic Structure

SWARM
TOKENS

Returns
Profits

3rd PARTY
MEMBERS

SUN
TOKENS

▪ SUN (Swarm Utility Network) tokens 
are needed to operate each Swarm 
platform for project / syndicate and 
represent the nominal value of $1

▪ SUN tokens can evolve into 
different versions based on newer 
features or governance structures

SWARM
TOKENS

allocated
SWARM
tokens 

Automatic prorated participation in 
any SUN token release(s)

▪ SWARM token owners 
allocate them towards SUN 
token participation for a 
defined time and receive 
pro-rated proportion of fees + 
tokens

▪ Only non-allocated SWARM 
tokens can be traded

Syndicate
Leader

SWARM MEMBER 
WALLET

SUN tokens +
participation in platform fees

SWARM token holders all together 
decide how to deploy the budget of 
the foundation via Liquid Democracy

3.2 TOKEN MECHANISM
The SWARM tokens are created for the network to govern a market 
infrastructure for a much larger pool of assets running on the Swarm 
Utility Network. The initial supply of SWARM tokens is dimensioned for 
an asset pool of $5B in value.

As the capital deployed into the Swarm Utility Network surpasses the 
threshold value of $5B, the Swarm foundation can issue tokens at a 
fixed rate (3.5%) relative to the amount of capital raised. For example, 
$100mm of fiat will authorize the creation of 3.5mm new tokens. The 
rate (but not the threshold value) may be adjusted periodically by 
Swarm’s governing bodies. The Swarm foundation may use this for 
sustainable future financing and development budget.

Basic structure of the Swarm Token

18



$5,000mm

FIAT + CRYPTOCRYPTO

GOVERNANCE ASSET VALUE

+$100mm

SWARM 
100mm

+3.5mm

Token Mechanism

At launch, Swarm will already have the full governance model for the 
network operating. Additional bylaws of the Swarm organization are 
expected to follow the DCO model established at the Stanford legal 
summit with some modifications to be decided upon by our legal 
advisors. A foundation representing this model will be established 
after the contribution period is complete. This will happen via an 
incentivized bounty provided to the first legal team who is able to 
implement the foundation model with the appropriate integrations.

19

https://swarm.gitbooks.io/dco-book/content/dco-model-template.html


Swarm seeks to not only 
create interesting software, 

but also a community of 
those interested in sharing 
their project opportunities 

with other Swarm 
participants.

“



4. Swarm Platform Model

4.1 SWARM LAYERS

The Swarm platform will be composed of three primary layers: Core, Services, and Application.

Primary Layers of the 
Swarm Platform Layer 1: Swarm Core

The Core layer provides the foundational system components 
and smart contracts for Swarm use: network governance 
token management with consensus via liquid democracy, and a 
management interface. This also includes system replications of 
the preferred legal frameworks, reputational engine, decentralized 
collaboration, as well as foundational processes around security & 
data transparency.
The Core layer’s framework allows for the  creation and management 
of new projects.  It is and always will be free and open to use.

SWARM apps

SWARM services

SWARM core

ETHEREUM blockchain

Early pilot 
assets

Crypto Hedge 
Fund

Distressed Real 
Estate

Solar 
Installations

Swarm
Fund (SPV)

Swarm
Syndicates

Custodian Services
Automated Fund 

Operations

Governance /
Liquid Dem.

Legal Framework
Investment 

Management
Reputation

Security & 
Transparency

Rev-based 
Financing

Purpose-
driven Pools

21



Layer 2: Swarm Services
The Swarm Services layer will offer additional 
services on top of Swarm Core. These services 
are meant to make it extremely easy for any 
participants to build investment applications 
on top of Swarm and serve the marketplace in 
the most creative way.
These services will include full-stack setup 
of vertical Swarm funds (via Special Purpose 
Vehicles, or SPVs), operating swarm syndicates, 
asset custodian services, and any automation 
of ongoing investment operations. More 
features will  be introduced to best meet the 
requirements of the evolving marketplace. 
Application templates, customization tools, 
and advanced data processing capabilities 
will allow our users to execute their visions 
faster while lowering the barrier to entry for 
new investment applications to come to 
market. While applications and participants 
are welcome to interact with Swarm on the 
Core level, we will be offering Swarm Services 
to accelerate their go-to-market process and 
reduce operational costs. Swarm Services will 
be offered using a license-fee model.

Layer 3: Swarm Applications
On the highest layer, on top of the Swarm 
Services layer or directly operating on the 
Swarm Core, is the Swarm Applications layer. 
These applications are both front-end as well 
as in some cases application back-ends that 
are specific to target investment use cases 
and/or target segments.

Some of these applications may be built by 
Swarm, while others will be built by third 
parties. Our vision for Swarm is to have a wide 
variety of investment applications built on the 
same platform technology and liquidity pool.
These applications will likely charge additional 
fees or use alternative business models such 
as market making, information selling, or 
revenue/profit sharing. As further described 
in the following section, many of such Swarm 
applications may include the release of their 
own utility tokens as a core component of 
their business model. 

Our vision for Swarm is 
to have a wide variety of 
investment applications 
built on the same 
platform technology and 
liquidity pool.

22



5. Swarm Applications

With the Swarm investment platform serving as a technology reference 

framework as well as a global liquidity hub, decentralized application 

developers will be able to create new classes of investment assets that 

can be used in any number of simple or complex applications.

The following section lays out defining characteristics of asset classes in 

which to pilot the Swarm Platform, followed by subsequent sections that 

highlight a number of use cases that Swarm has identified as interesting 

target markets and which are readily deployable using the Swarm 

Platform.

(Swarm-Supported Asset Types)

Distressed 
Residential Real 

Estate Fund

1

SAAS
Growth
Fund

2

Crypto
Hedge Fund

3

▪

▪

Several
Others+ SolarInstallations Crypto MiningOperations Crypto MiningOperations etc.

SWARM confidential & proprietary // for illustrative purposes only

Exclusive

to Swarm

The Kitten 
Project

Mariujana
Farm Pods

DETAILS IN THE
GOLDPAPER

Further details of specific opportunities are available to qualified participants in the Swarm GoldPaper.

Project Pipeline

23



5.1 CHARACTERISTICS OF PILOT 
ASSET CLASSES
When launching a marketplace technology it 
is critically important to (a) build trust with the 
participants and (b) provide curated pilot use 
cases that allow the marketplace to take off in 
the right direction with the right momentum. 
In identifying the first target asset use cases, 
we have tried to balance both.
Particularly in light of issues that led to the rise 
and fall of the DAO, we approached this project 
with significant diligence and preparation, 
before being able to bring a market-ready 
proposal to the community.
We strongly felt it was particularly important 
in the early stages to (1) demonstrate tangible 
platform viability, (2) be able to show viability 
and material attractivity, and (3) be able to 
quickly scale within the use cases if they 
prove their efficacy by meeting or exceeding 
expectations. 

Therefore, we invested significant efforts 
into identifying asset classes that have the 
following key characteristics, among others:
 ◆ Have the ability to start with small amount 
of investment.

 ◆ Show continuous tangible returns.
 ◆ Represent a range of risk-reward profiles 
that are relevant to the crypto investor 
community and provide relevant alternative 
asset profiles (e.g. 20%+ ROI annually, 
focused on global impact, etc.).

 ◆ Are well-established and understood from 
an assessment/ratings perspective.

 ◆ Scale to size quickly when the participants 
are ready.

24



5.2 CRYPTO HEDGE FUND
Investing in crypto assets presents unique 
challenges, revolving around trading workflows 
and asset security. It requires expert 
knowledge to properly navigate the market 
and be aware of the latest market dynamics 
in specialized market verticals, starting with 
liquidity movements, arbitrage opportunities, 
or proper assessment of the latest market-
influencing industry news.  
The syndicate with which we are collaborating 
forms a crypto hedge fund that strives to 
be “ahead of the curve”  with the goal to 
simplify value creation for crypto investors 
by offering the best experience to engage 
with a network of investors, collaborators and 
opinion makers. The objective is to present 
an incentivized platform for vertical experts 
to trade on their unique market knowledge or 
data and to provide uncorrelated risk adjusted 
alpha relative to industry benchmarks. The 
composite investment strategy includes right-
frequency trading of a highly curated portfolio 
of crypto currencies, derivatives market 
making, trading between crypto currencies and 
mining proof of stake tokens. The goal is to 
create a blend of selected best trades based 
on proprietary algorithms, market-neutral 
quantitative models and fully automated 
execution.

5.3 DISTRESSED REAL ESTATE
Real estate investments present a unique 
opportunity for private equity real asset 
engagements. Especially interesting are sub-
market segments such as distressed real 
estate primarily focused on judicial foreclosure 
states. The syndicate leader we have been 
evaluating has created a machine-driven 
platform to identify and acquire negative 
equity real estate in foreclosure auctions and 
acquiring these “Subject To” existing liens from 
an impartial federal bankruptcy trustee. During 
the very long judicial foreclosure timelines this 
provides 2-3+ years of rental income, and in 
some cases the fund is even able to clear liens 
at a steep discount and immediately sell the 
property at profit. This produces exceptionally 
high cash returns and is an excellent 
opportunity, even in an economic downturn.

5.4 SOLAR INSTALLATIONS
There is no doubt that renewable energy, 
and particularly solar are on the rise and an 
interesting asset category. The unit economics 
of producing, installing and maintaining solar 
panels have improved significantly and made 
the investment case an interesting opportunity 
with 20%+ annual returns. Additionally, there 
are significant tax breaks in different regions 
globally and more specifically in California, 
which presents additional major economic 
benefits. The syndicate operators we have 
been evaluating have been successfully 
building an investment platform specifically for 
this application.  

We’ll create a blend of 
selected best trades 
based on proprietary 
algorithms, market-
neutral quantitative 
models and fully 
automated execution.

25



5.5 REVENUE-BASED FINANCING
Recently, we have seen a larger trend of companies being created 
that have very interesting recurring revenue models. The most 
prominent model in technology is SaaS (“Software as a Service”) 
where software usage is sold on the basis of subscriptions. But 
these models are not limited to technology, but exist in many other 
markets, including subscription-based commerce in food and fashion. 
For some of these business models, equity-based financing is not 
an option, either because the expected returns don’t meet outsized 
return expectations of venture capitalists (by design), or the dilution 
is unattractive to the entrepreneur. The syndicates with which we are 
working are providing non-dilutive financing in form of revenue-based 
loans, where they’ll give the company a portion of the annualized 
revenue as a loan, and the company pays it back as a percentage of 
ongoing revenue until a target return of approx. 1.5-2.5x is achieved. 
This may be a very attractive option for a target category of companies 
with recurring revenue of approximately $2-3M annually.

5.6 PURPOSE-DRIVEN FUNDING POOLS
Swarm is also aiming to help generate impact investments for 
nonprofits and social enterprises that help meet significant 
community needs and address humanity’s grand challenges. We are 
working to ensure basic needs are met for all people, while sustaining 
and improving quality of life and mitigating future risks. We hope 
to involve individuals and institutions who are using their resources 
for social good, and are looking beyond simply making traditional 
philanthropic gifts. We seek to help them leverage their capital directly, 
with a purpose they deeply care about, and perhaps even earn a small 
gain over time. 

We believe the crypto community has successfully proven that it can 
build incentives for the community itself to create desired outcomes. 
We envision purpose-driven funding pools, that incentivize the 
entrepreneurial community to create solutions to meet the challenges 
and compete for the “bounty” by delivering a “social Proof-of-Stake”, 
similar to the way the X-Prizes have fueled innovation. 

We believe the crypto community has 
successfully proven that it can build 
incentives for the community itself to 
create desired outcomes.

26



6. Token Offering

6.1 TOKEN OFFERING IN BRIEF
Similar to a reverse Dutch auction used in other token sales (Gnosis, 
OmegaOne), we wish to find the optimal pricing mechanism in order 
to accommodate as many participants as possible. The market 
determines the ultimate price of the token.

Our method of doing this is to have an exponential price curve with 
drip liquidity such that people participating early cannot immediately 
“dump” all of their tokens.

Additionally, unlike other projects, we are able to effectively deploy 
funds over the threshold needed for platform development into any of 
our partner funds. Therefore, the funds used for operational budgets 
for the foundation are limited to the lesser of 25% of the raise or 
$20M in crypto funds. The remaining capital is designated to fund 
Swarm pilot applications on the SUN network.

In our token offering, we are projecting to raise a target of $55M USD 
denominated in ETH representing 33M tokens. Should the demand be 
lower the difference between 33M and the sold amount of tokens will 
be set aside for future use within the foundation. Should the demand 
be higher, the smart contract will mint up to 32M additional tokens, 
until a total of 65M tokens are sold or the equivalent of $255M USD 
denominated in ETH. At that point no more tokens will be sold, even if 
it is before the end date of the sale.

With the above, the cap share distribution changes in favor of the 
community. As such, a higher market demand within the sale simply 
allows for more exchange listings on the SUN network and augments 
the value of the platform.

This effectively makes Swarm Fund comparable to a government or 
the endowment model of private universities that maintains its own 
sovereign wealth fund and funds itself out of the profit of its own 
investments.

27



0

0
,8

1,
6

2,
4

3,
2 4

4,
8

5,
6

6
,4

7,
2 8

8
,8

9
,6

0,25

0,5

0,75

1

0

2,
5 5

7,
5 10

12
,5 15

17
,5 20

0,8

1,6

2,4

3,2

4

The token price then is 

/(ET H  pr

balance(w) ≥  (1 – Lt ) • initial (w)w

ice in USD)  p0 = 1  

/(1 )Dn = 1 + n[ ]  

 pn = p0 × ∑
n

k=0
Dk  

Rn = p di∫
n

0
 i

 
 

∀ ∈ W.

Lt
min { K,  t/k }

K
=

6.2 PRICING DURING SALE
SWARM tokens can only be bought using Ether (ETH). When the sale 
starts the tokens base price p0 is set at the Ether equivalent of one 
dollar. 

During the sale, the token price is increased according to a diminishing 
premium. This premium formula Dn is defined as

where n is the number of tokens sold divided by 106.

/(ET H  pr

balance(w) ≥  (1 – Lt ) • initial (w)w

ice in USD)  p0 = 1  

/(1 )Dn = 1 + n[ ]  

 pn = p0 × ∑
n

k=0
Dk  

Rn = p di∫
n

0
 i

 
 

∀ ∈ W.

Lt
min { K,  t/k }

K
=

/(ET H  pr

balance(w) ≥  (1 – Lt ) • initial (w)w

ice in USD)  p0 = 1  

/(1 )Dn = 1 + n[ ]  

 pn = p0 × ∑
n

k=0
Dk  

Rn = p di∫
n

0
 i

 
 

∀ ∈ W.

Lt
min { K,  t/k }

K
=

28



6.3 POST-SALE LIQUIDITY RELEASE
After the ICO, the tokens will gradually become liquid.

That is, if W denotes all SWARM wallets, balance(w) the balance of a 
wallet w and initial(w) the number of tokens w bought in the ICO then 
we maintain the following invariant at all times.

Let 0 ≤ Lt ≤ 1 denote the percentage of tokens liquid at time t, denoted 
in days since the token sale ended. Let K = 8 be the number of release 
moments and k = 42 the duration between releases. We use the 
following function to define the (stepped) token release. 

The total raised by the token sale is simply the integral over this price

/(ET H  pr

balance(w) ≥  (1 – Lt ) • initial (w)w

ice in USD)  p0 = 1  

/(1 )Dn = 1 + n[ ]  

 pn = p0 × ∑
n

k=0
Dk  

Rn = p di∫
n

0
 i

 
 

∀ ∈ W.

Lt
min { K,  t/k }

K
=

/(ET H  pr

balance(w) ≥  (1 – Lt ) • initial (w)w

ice in USD)  p0 = 1  

/(1 )Dn = 1 + n[ ]  

 pn = p0 × ∑
n

k=0
Dk  

Rn = p di∫
n

0
 i

 
 

∀ ∈ W.

Lt
min { K,  t/k }

K
=

/(ET H  pr

balance(w) ≥  (1 – Lt ) • initial (w)w

ice in USD)  p0 = 1  

/(1 )Dn = 1 + n[ ]  

 pn = p0 × ∑
n

k=0
Dk  

Rn = p di∫
n

0
 i

 
 

∀ ∈ W.

Lt
min { K,  t/k }

K
=

0

0
,4

0
,8

1,
2

1,
6 2

2,
4

2,
8

3,
2

3,
6 4

4,
4

4,
8

2,5

5

7,5

10

0 40 8
0

12
0

16
0

20
0

24
0

28
0

32
0

36
0

40
0

0

0,4

0,8

1,2

29



6.4 SALE PHASES
Tokens will be able to be purchased through the Swarm website. 
Exact dates and terms of the token offering and sales process will be 
communicated at www.swarm.fund. The sales process will be split 
into six phases, not all of which are sequential.

Phase 1: Pre-sale
The open token sale phase is preceded by a pre-sale phase, where a 
smaller part of the SWARM tokens are offered to a closed network of 
value-adding members. During the pre-sale, only crypto currency is 
accepted. 

Phase 2: Swarm 1.0 token redemption
For the members of the earlier bitcoin-protocol based iteration of 
Swarm who hold tokens 1.0, Swarm are offered through a redemption 
process, so that these tokens can be converted into the current 
ERC20 token. Swarm members are able to convert their tokens at the 
highly preferential rate two weeks prior to the sale.

Phase 3: Fiat Token Sale
To avoid procedural issues with the purchases made with fiat 
currency, we will setup registration for the token sale in exchange for 
fiat currency (EUR/USD) to precede the crypto sale. We are partnering 
with BitcoinSuisse on this process. Once the buyer has registered 
and funded the account, BitcoinSuisse will be ready to purchase the 
tokens within the crypto token sale at the applicable pricing at that 
time. 

Phase 4: Crypto Token Sale
The public crypto token sale will run for 14 days and Swarm tokens 
will only be sold against ETH, based on the pricing mentioned above. 
Preceding the sale, the smart contracts will be armed with the tokens 
resulting from the participation in the pre-sale and the redemption 
process. 

pre sale

7 days

1 day

14 days

prepare / register fiattoken sale

arm
smart

contract

crypto
token sale

2 years

fundraising period

cr
yp

to
 t

ok
en

s
pr

oj
ec

t 
fu

nd
s

fo
r 

S
w

ar
m

 U
ti

lit
y 

N
et

w
or

k

synchronized with
capital deployment

trading per termsof drip-liquidity

7 days
post

review

ongoing
Bitcoin Suisse

token 1.0 redemption

14 days

30



Phase 5: Token Liquidity
Following a post-review process, Swarm tokens will become liquid and 
transferrable based on the post-sale liquidity release, subject to a drip 
liquidity provision. Depending on exchange listings this might result in 
immediate tradability of the first tranche of released tokens.
Phase 6: Capital Raise for the Swarm Utility Network
Following the contribution period, Swarm will set up affiliate legal 
structures for the Swarm Utility Network to take in large ticket capital 
commitments from investors who understand the larger potential 
of the blockchain technology to shape the investment landscape. 
These funds are structured to take in and govern a target amount of 
$5B asset value, but its design allows managed assets to go beyond 
that level. As capital commitments come beyond the target amount, 
a smaller amount of Swarm tokens are issued, as described above. 
The capital raised for deployment into the Swarm Utility Network will 
be staged for the next 2+ years and the capital requirements will be 
determined by the findings gathered from setting up and managing the 
pilot funds specified earlier.

6.5 TOKEN ALLOCATION
Of the tokens, 33M tokens will go to contributors (past Swarm 
members, advisors, a pool for future contributors) while 33M 
tokens will be assigned to the core team. Tokens will be awarded to 
contributors by the “fair equity” formula of expected increase in token 
value as decided by core team members and community.
As described in more detail above, there is a target--yet not a fixed 
number of tokens--to be sold to the community. With higher demand 
in the token sale, the share of token distribution owned by the 
community can significantly increase.

31



7. Roadmap

7.1 KEY ACTIVITIES & 
PARTNERSHIPS TO DATE
For the past 9 months we have been executing 
on key activities and pursuing various key 
partnerships:

 ◆ Our team developed concrete trusted 
project opportunities, with a goal of showing 
successes and pushing the marketplace in 
the right direction.

 ◆ The initial deploy of the Swarm platform has 
been live on the Ethereum test net for over 
6+ months. We are planning to release the 
next major software update in 3-6 months.

 ◆ Substantial work has been performed 
toward viable legal frameworks for Swarm 
initiatives.

 ◆ Swarm is actively pursuing high profile 
partnerships within the Ethereum 
ecosystem, the financial sector, and other 
fields. 

 ◆ Initial work is in progress with regulators/
institutions in different jurisdictions, 
including service providers for 
E-infrastructure and AML/KYC.

 ◆ Ramping up community engagement efforts 
with growth in social media following, 
Swarm has been facilitating events such 
as the Decentralized Autonomous Society, 
which has had 23 meetups on various 
aspects of decentralized governance 
since 2014. Notable presentations include 
speakers such as Vitalik Buterin, Ralph 
Merkle, the DASH team, and associates of 
Doug Engelbart.

32



7.2 FINANCES
In our token launch, we are projecting to 
raise $50M USD denominated in ETH. For 
capital allocation, the main principle is that 
the lesser of 25% of funds raised or $20M 
will go towards operational expenses and 
platform development. The remaining funds 
will be deployed towards the initial pilot 
fund opportunities. That way, a higher fund 
raise does not increase budgets for the 
operations of the foundation, but benefits 
the implementation and impact of the overall 
Swarm model. 
Our current team members have managed 
individual portfolios in excess of $3B and 
built platforms with an excess of $32B in deal 
flow. Fund usage will be split approximately 
evenly between platform and application 
development. 

Use of Contributions 

Pilot Deployments / Swarm Fund: As 
further described in Section 5, Swarm 
plans to develop pilot Swarm Application 
segments with highly curated and trusted 
partners. The goal is to pilot the platform 
and demonstrate its viability and best-in-
class applicability. Swarm may run these 
engagements as evergreen opportunities, or 
decide to divest over time, while the proceeds 
after disengagement could be used for further 
development of Swarm. 
Product / Development Cost: Platform 
development will include building upon and 
securing core smart contracts, additional 
frameworks such as a decentralized 
reputational engine, trading and management 
interfaces, service level app templates 
and customization tools, and integrations 
with future Ethereum or other blockchain 
infrastructure such as state channels and 
stablecoins. We will develop certain custodian 
components and work with experts for 
custodian services (e.g. Ledger).
Legal & Regulatory Costs: Legal requirements 
include corporate setups in different locations 
for crowdsale, operations, and other licenses. 
Post launch we will work with legal advisors 
and regulators in different jurisdictions to 
develop legal opinions of the interpretation 
with local laws, and become compatible with 
e-infrastructure and AML/KYC infrastructures 
in different markets. Ongoing resources will be 
required for investment and possible other use 
cases of legal work. A legal contingency fund 
will be reserved in case of future issues. 
Marketing & Sales: Sales and business 
development efforts will be focused on 
identifying and forming relationships with new 
projects and existing partnerships which can 
be built on Swarm. Marketing will be focused 
on promoting Swarm applications to potential 
customer segments and markets. Additional 
efforts will be spent on increasing awareness 
and knowledge of the Swarm Platform and 
what can be built with it (applications, etc).

Miscellaneous & Admin
14.4%

Pilot Deployments /
Swarm Fund
75%

Legal & Regulatory
15.6%

Product & Development
46.9%

Sales & Marketing
23.1%

Funding Breakdown: Use of contributions

Operational Expenses 

& Platform Development

33



7.3 DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP
Current State
Swarm has been under development for over 
12 months, starting in May 2016. Since then 
there have been multiple iterations of the core 
elements of Swarm. These include the smart 
contracts powering the framework as well as 
the general web interface.
The Swarm platform has a fully operational 
model that has been undergoing alpha testing 
since November 2016. With the release of this 
whitepaper we will be offering access to the 
private beta with a linear purchase schedule.
The current operational demo illustrates the 
principles of network democracy, including 
purchasing of stake, stake-based voting, and 
voting delegation. 

Future Development
Phase 1 (Quarter 1&2):
 ◆ Build office in Silicon Valley: The team has 
already been part of the vibrant Ethereum 
community in the Bay Area and will manifest 
an office location.

 ◆ Swarm Platform MVP: Funds will be used 
to develop a canonical version of the trust 
network, the fully automated self-funding 
structure, additional features for extensibility 
and automation. This private beta period 
is expected to last six to nine months and 
any changes will be decided by network 
members. Additionally we will be pursuing 
solid integrations into the legal system for 
the possession of real assets. Funds will be 
governed by the private beta with a non-
profit used as a failsafe in case of any non-
optimally operating smart contracts.

 ◆ Release Swarm MIR (make it rain) DApp: A 
virtual crypto asset portfolio tracker, where 
users can build and simulate portfolio 
trades.

 ◆ Develop Swarm.js beta & smart contracts 
beta: Swarm.js is an easy-to-use tool to 
enable every website developer to build 

applications on top of Swarm. Swarm.js will 
integrate with redesigned, more modular 
smart contracts.

 ◆ Swarm Syndicate management interface 
alpha: An extended interface to create, 
maintain and govern investment projects, 
which will be tested out by Swarm Fund 
team as well as trusted pilot syndicate 
users.

 ◆ Decentralized reputational engine: 
Evaluation of viable solutions and start of 
integration will commence.

 ◆ Swarm SUN functionality: Together with 
the first end-user facing application we will 
enable the SUN functionality for paying SUN 
fees and releasing SUN tokens. 

 ◆ We intend to integrate a liquid democracy 
module with Aragon’s upcoming package 
manager and to use their application to 
manage voting.

Current Active Interface - Live Demo at http://liquid.qhoss.com 

34



Phase 2 (Quarter 3&4):
 ◆ Swarm Syndicate management interface 
beta: Build out processes around  
governance, reputation and project 
reporting.

 ◆ Swarm trading interface alpha: The generic 
Swarm interface is not designed to meet 
the requirements for a trading application. 
Therefore Swarm will be working on 
additional interfaces dedicated to traders, 
which make SWARM and SUN tokens 
professionally tradeable. Swarm seeks 
to combine forces with other teams to 
build the basic layers required to offer 
a decentralized exchange, with Swarm 
adding layers required to offer trading of 
asset backed tokens. We might consider 
working with existing exchange partners 
such as Kraken, Poloniex, 0x or other 
trading platforms to provide a seamless and 
integrated user experience.

 ◆ Swarm MIR 2.0 DApp: Integration with 
exchanges to trade parts of phantasy 
portfolios and compete with other traders; 
integration of SUN token assets.

 ◆ Legal automation alpha: Underlying the 
Swarm platform our goal is to automate 
most of the administrative processes related 
to foundation of SPVs (special purpose 
vehicles) and fund deployment. We seek to 
work with e-governance providers to make 
this as seamless and scalable as possible.

Phase 3 (Quarter 5&6): 
 ◆ Swarm Market Place: Once the underlying 
processes of project creation and 
management have been battle-proven 
with pilot users, Swarm will open this 
functionality to the broader public; in 
anticipation, we need to develop curation 
processes to facilitate market health and 
project validation, including Participant 
Ratings, Decentralized Collaboration and 
Community Voting to veto projects. 

35



8. Leadership

8.1 CORE TEAM

Philipp Pieper - Partner and Co-founder
Philipp is a serial tech entrepreneur and 
became interested in decentralized 
technologies in 2015, when interacting with 
BitTorrent, Inc. and the Mozilla Foundation. 
Philipp has been a start-up entrepreneur for 
the past 15 years and is a veteran in the digital 
data space. After holding various private equity 
and management positions within Deutsche 
Bank and Allianz Group, Philipp was founder 
and CEO of Proximic, a global data provider for 
digital media buyers (acquired by comScore 
in 2015), and is mentor at various accelerators 
such Stanford’s StartX, Singularity University, 
as well as TechCode. He holds degrees in 
engineering and business administration and 
attended Berlin University of Technology and 
UC Berkeley, Haas School of Business.

Timo Lehes - Partner and Co-founder
Timo has over 20 years of experience from 
starting, running, exiting and investing in 
software companies. Timo has served as 
an investor and executive in technology 
companies, with extensive experience from 
building, running and investing in software 
companies and leading various merger and 
acquisition deals. Throughout his career, Timo 
has invested in more than 40 companies. 
With a specific focus on Financial Technology 
or fintech, he has contributed to the creation 
of several alternative investment platforms.  
He currently serves as a board member at 
BankerBay, the world’s largest deal origination 
platform for mid-market Private Equity deals. 
He holds degrees in engineering and business 
administration from Chalmers University of 
Technology and early stage investing from 
continuing studies at Stanford School of 
Business.

36



Joel Dietz - Partner and Co-founder
Joel Dietz co-founded the first smart contract 
educational channel (EtherCasts), the 
Ethereum Silicon Valley meetup, wrote the 
original “AppCoin Manifesto,” and built the first 
decentralized asset and governance platforms 
on the Bitcoin blockchain. His facilitation of 
the  “LoveNest” blockchain-community living 
space setup in Palo Alto has included many 
presentations on Decentralized Autonomous 
Society, DAO Democracy, Futarchy, and Liquid 
Democracy. He holds degrees from Brown 
University and the University of Pennsylvania 
and has won prizes from Google and 
Salesforce. 

Jelle Herold - Lead Developer
Jelle is a creative thinker and hacker with 
a background in art, mathematics, physics, 
and computer science. He wrote one of the 
earliest smart contract implementations pre-
blockchain and is the author of a new logic-
programming language for smart contracts 
that can be deployed across blockchains. He 
has a decade of experience in leading open-
source development projects and a degree in 
Artificial Intelligence from University of Utrecht, 
The Netherlands. In the last three years Jelle 
participated in and won various hackathons, 
such as “hack4good”.

37



Anton Livaja - Full Stack Developer
Anton is a passionate, experienced full stack 
web developer from Toronto, Canada with a 
background in marketing, business strategy 
and linguistics. He is actively involved in 
the tech community and is an instructor at 
General Assembly’s Bitmaker Labs, Canada’s 
leading tech-skills accelerator. He shares his 
passion for technology by advising companies 
and developing software in emerging 
technologies.

Emilia Gheorghe - Project Manager
A crypto enthusiast and technophile, Emilia 
has repeatedly gravitated towards working 
in innovative settings. With a background in 
linguistics, arts, and social sciences, she is 
a strong believer in holistically integrated 
workflows. Emilia is an alumna of the VU 
Amsterdam, and Utrecht University.

“Jazzwall” Sharad Jaiswal - Full Stack 
Developer and Project Manager
Jazzwall has been implementing and 
orchestrating enterprise IT projects and 
graduate tech-training programs at Swiss and 
Wall Street banks for the last decade. Hard 
to put in a box, he is a project manager, full 
stack developer, professional photographer, 
entrepreneur, and particularly interested in 
crypto markets.

38



Katerina Kan - Ambassador Relations
Katerina is a visionary entrepreneur focused 
on building a sustainable global paradigm in 
business and communication. She applies the 
principles of symbiotic environments, energy 
optimization, and human wellness to her 
background in administration, management, 
commerce, and customer service.

Chris Eberle - Global Marketing
Chris is a digital veteran with a passion for 
building global businesses and communities. 
He built the Media Partner Services and 
Operations teams at Facebook, with global 
responsibility for connecting public figures, 
creators, and publishers to create authentic 
content on Facebook and Instagram. He 
then led teams in Global Business Marketing, 
responsible for real world experiences that 
drive online business results with Facebook 
partners. Prior to Facebook, Eberle was a 
part of startup exits at Federated Media and 
Meebo (acquired by Google).  Earlier in his 
career, Eberle spent a decade at AOL, where 
he started as a contract worker and eventually 
served in executive roles in marketing and 
advertising. Chris is an alumnus of Syracuse 
University and The Harvard Business School.

39



8.2 CAPITAL MARKET ADVISORS
Mark Oei
Until end of 2016, Mark was at Sequoia Capital 
where he served as Managing Director of the 
venture capital firm’s Heritage Fund, a multi-
strategy vehicle offering institutional investors 
and family offices investment exposure 
to multiple asset classes. As leader of the 
Real Asset group Mark has been seeking 
opportunistic real estate investments both 
domestically and abroad. Earlier, Mark was 
a managing director focused on real estate 
at Oaktree Capital Management, one of the 
largest institutional alternative investment 
managers in the United States, and was VP at 
Morgan Stanley focused on acquisitions for the 
Morgan Stanley Real Estate Funds.

Vivek Krishnappa
Vivek is a board member for the WattTime.
org, an advisor for Nexleaf Analytics, an 
advisor for FinTech and CleanTech Astia and a 
former managing director, securities landing, 
Blackrock.

Haydar Haba
Haydar is a partner at AndraCapital and the 
founder and CEO of IntroMe.

8.3 LEGAL AND CO-OP ADVISORS
Houman Shadab 
Houman is a professor at New York Law School 
and the cofounder of Clause.io. He is a prolific 
and influential expert at the intersection of law, 
business, and technology. His research focuses 
on financial technology, smart contracts, 
hedge funds, derivatives, commercial 
transactions, and blockchains. Professor 
Shadab is a director of the Center for Business 
and Financial Law and also serves as the 
editor-in-chief of the Journal of Taxation and 
Regulation of Financial Institutions. He often 

advises companies and financial institutions 
on issues relating to compliance, litigation, 
and operations, and serves on the advisory 
board of several tech startups. Mr. Shadab 
has testified before the federal government 
several times, including before the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission on Bitcoin 
derivatives and before the Congress on hedge 
funds at a hearing that included George Soros 
and other leading figures from the hedge fund 
industry. He is often invited to speak at high-
level swift academic and practitioner events, 
including for The Economist, Stanford’s Future 
Law conference, Consensus 2015, the SWIFT 
Business Forum, and the New York State Bar 
Association annual meeting.

Robert Rosenblum 
Robert Rosenblum is a corporate and 
securities partner in the Washington, D.C., 
office of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati. 
Rob focuses on the representation of financial 
services firms in sophisticated regulatory, 
transactional, and product development 
projects, advising them on federal securities 
laws and related financial services laws and 
regulations.
  

40



8.4 TECHNOLOGY ADVISORS
Noah Thorp
Previously, VP of Engineering at Nasdaq Private 
Markets, expert in organizational design, and 
current CEO of Comakery, an ethereum-based 
token issuance platform.
https://github.com/aquabu

Gustav Simonsson
Previously of Ethereum Foundation, DFinity, 
and String Labs, as well as a DAO curator.
https://github.com/Gustav-Simonsson

Bogdan Fiedur
Bogdan wrote the first liquid democracy 
DAO in Ethereum smart contracts which was 
adapted for Swarm Fund purposes.
https://github.com/win2win

David Kammeyer
Software developer and platform manager.

Matthew Tan
CEO and founder of Etherscan.

8.5 GOVERNANCE AND 
ORGANIZATIONAL DESIGN 
Christian Jacken 
Co-founder Liquid Democracy, former Global 
Bitcoin Alliance, EFF supporter. 

Adam Apollo
Adam is the founder of the Guardian Alliance 
and trust.exchange

Brad Nye
Founder of Tribalize summit and Burning Man 
organizer.  

41

http://42.netai.net/liquiddemocracy.de/Workshop.png


Wings
https://www.wings.ai
We intend to use the Wings prediction service 
to estimate the target size of our own raise 
and other sub-asset tokens.

Jaxx
https://jaxx.io/
Your Blockchain Interface. Bye-bye 
gatekeepers. With Jaxx, you have the keys to 
control the new digital world.   

Bitcoin Suisse
https://www.bitcoinsuisse.ch
We are using Bitcoin Suisse to handle large fiat 
payments and AML/KYC.

Bitwala
https://www.bitwala.com 
We are using Bitwala’s payment processing 
and banking services for ourselves and our 
partners. 

Otonomos
https://www.otonomos.com 
We use Otonomos to automate the creation of 
special purpose vehicles and funds in multiple 
legal jurisdictions. 

Gnosis
https://gnosis.pm 
Gnosis’ forthcoming ‘futarchy as a service will 
be integrated in our existing liquid democracy 
modules.  

8.6 PARTNERS

42



9. Legal Innovations

Swarm co-organized legal summits at Harvard and Stanford in which 
the Distributed Collaborative Organisation model was established5. 
Legal experts suggested that the integration of a collaborative 
governance layer to a distributed organization would make it a 
membership organization similar to a co-op. We have remained active 
participants in the evolving platform co-op movement and Internet of 
Ownership (https://ioo.coop/) movements, including a section in the 
book “Ours to Hack and to Own.” (https://platform.coop/book).

Swarm has consistently and openly stated its intent to democratize 
finance and proactively engaged with regulators including the SEC, 
FCA, and regulators in several other countries. As a result of advice 
from top legal experts and regulators, Swarm has operated for the 
last two years under the unincorporated non-profit association terms 
as described in the results of the Harvard summit with the intent of 
creating a global platform cooperative.  

To actualize these aims, Swarm has established the following legal 
entities:

Quantum Holonic Swarm Systems (USA)
Swarm Operations (Germany GMBH)
Swarm IP (Singapore)
Swarm Research Foundation (Panama)
Ethereum Alpha Fund  (Cayman) 
Bitadel Master Fund (Cayman)
Swarm Asset SPVs (Estonia, etc.) 

Most of these are newly operational with the exception of Quantum 
Holonic Swarm Systems which has independently been conducting 
research and events from its Palo Alto office, including partnerships 
with Institute for the Future, Microsoft, Intel, Ikea, H&M, Walmart, EO 
Works, The Rulebreaker Society, and others. 

5 “Distributed Networks and the Law,” http://www.bollier.org/sites/default/files/misc-file-upload/files/DistributedNetworksandtheLaw%20report,%20Swarm-Coin%20Center-
Berkman.pdf

43



The contribution period is a collaboration between the above entities 
with the intent of taking the “Distributed Collaborative Organization” 
model and a creating a legal entity which is owned and governed 
by the token holders. Rather than depend on a single legal firm to 
implement this, we will create a bounty system to award the first 
several teams that manage to create token-governance systems that 
integrate into the legal and tax systems of respective nation states. 

The current board members are Philipp Pieper, and Timo Lehes, with 
three spots left to be filled by either community contributors or 
managing directors of partner funds dependent on a vote of the token 
holders. Joel Dietz will retain a veto on major decisions. Board seats 
will go up for vote every six months.

Additionally, all of the currency related aspects of our implementation, 
including actions of all sub-funds, are performed on a private 
blockchain implementation. This allows us to implement all standard 
AML/KYC procedures and reporting as established by industry best 
practice.

Additionally, Swarm has innovated on several legal models related 
to tokenization, including convertible notes, intellectual property, 
governance, Szaboian Nested Intent, and various forms of Ricardian 
Contracts. We expect to push forward over the next years as we 
establish case law in various jurisdictions.

Due to the retrospective nature of regulatory action, the Swarm team 
can make no guarantees regarding the legality of the platform or 
launch in any given jurisdiction. Regardless, we are confident in, and 
proud of, the work we have done to shape Swarm into what we hope 
is a model of regulatory compliance for decentralized applications 
and token launches. We will be responsive and collaborative with any 
regulators as necessary going forward. 

References
Blodget, Henry. 2017. Bitcoin a perfect asset for speculative bubble: Blodget. [ONLINE VIDEO] Available at: http://www.cnbc.com/video/2017/05/25/bitcoin-a-perfect-asset-for-
speculative-bubble-blodget.html. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Dietz, Joel, Greg Xethalis, Katten Primavera de Filippi, Jim Hazard. 2017. Model Distributed Collaborative Organizations. [ONLINE] Available at: https://swarm.gitbooks.io/dco-
book/content/dco-model-template.html. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Durden, Tyler. 2015. So You Want Bridgewater To Manage Your Money? There Is One Small Condition. [ONLINE] Available at: https://www.elitetrader.com/et/threads/so-you-
want-bridgewater-to-manage-your-money-there-is-one-small-condition.290936/. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Hulbert, Mark. 2017. This is how many fund managers actually beat index funds. [ONLINE] Available at: http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-way-fewer-actively-managed-
funds-beat-the-sp-than-we-thought-2017-04-24. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Herold, Jelle. 2017. Statebox. [ONLINE] Available at: http://statebox.org. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Herold, Jelle. 2017. Typedefs. [ONLINE] Available at: http://typedefs.com. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Lewis, Michael, 1989. Liar’s Poker. 1st ed. New York: W.W. Norton & Company, Inc..
Platform Cooperativism Consortium. 2016. Platform Cooperativism. [ONLINE] Available at: https://platform.coop/book. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Van Valkenburgh, Peter, Joel Dietz, Primavera de Filippi, Houman Shadab, Greg Xethalis, David Bollier. 2017. Distributed Collaborative Organizations. [ONLINE] Available at: 
http://www.bollier.org/sites/default/files/misc-file-upload/files/DistributedNetworksandtheLaw%20report,%20Swarm-Coin%20Center-Berkman.pdf. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Wood, Harlan T., Adam Apollo. 2017. TrustGraph. [ONLINE] Available at: https://github.com/trustgraph/trustgraph. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Yang, Paul. 2017. google/protobuf. [ONLINE] Available at: https://github.com/google/protobuf. [Accessed 16 July 2017].

44



SWARM FUND 
WHITE PAPER

September 7, 2017

V0.8

Philipp Pieper
philipp@swarm.fund

Timo Lehes
timo@swarm.fund

Jelle Herold
jelle@swarm.fund

Joel Dietz
joel@swarm.fund



www.swarm.fund

http://swarm.fund

	1. Introduction
	1.1 Overview
	1.2 Our Value Proposition: Applying Swarm Intelligence to Wall St. and Automating Everything
	1.3 Current Investment Drawbacks
	1.4 Mission Statement: 
	Why we Created Swarm Fund

	2. Swarm Innovations
	2.1 Liquid Democracy 
	2.2 Process Language

	3. Swarm Token
	3.1 Two-tiered Token Model 
	3.2 Token Mechanism

	4. Swarm Platform Model
	4.1 Swarm Layers

	5. Swarm Applications
	5.1 Characteristics of Pilot Asset Classes
	5.2 Crypto Hedge Fund
	5.3 Distressed Real Estate
	5.4 Solar Installations
	5.5 Revenue-based Financing
	5.6 Purpose-driven Funding Pools

	6. Token Offering
	6.1 Token Offering in Brief
	6.2 Pricing during Sale
	6.3 Post-sale Liquidity Release
	6.4 Sale Phases
	6.5 Token Allocation

	7. Roadmap
	7.1 Key Activities & Partnerships To Date
	7.2 Finances

	8. Leadership
	8.1 Core Team
	8.2 Capital Market Advisors
	8.3 Legal and Co-op Advisors
	8.4 Technology Advisors
	8.5 Governance and Organizational Design 
	8.6 Partners

	9. Legal Innovations

