



































 

 

 

 

 

White paper 

ICO TELE2-Teleport 

  

1 
 



Table of contents 
Preamble 3. 

Mission 3. 

Objectives 3. 

Project Summary 3. 

Funding objectives 4. 

The market situation 4. 

Introductory part 4. 

Growth Forecasts 7. 

The main factors affecting the growth of global mobile traffic 7. 

Research methodology 9. 

Business model, the idea of the founders 12. 

Situation analysis in the industry 17. 

Roadmap and composition of the project 18​. 

The Essence of the project 18. 

Production plan 21. 

Marketing plan 22. 

Organizational plan 24. 

The planned results of one of the six sections - the first section (Moscow-Krasnodar) of the network 

                                                                                                                                                                               25. 

The financial plan of one of the six sections - the first section ( Moscow-Krasnodar) of the network

25. 

ICO 33. 

ICO calendar 33. 

Characteristics of the token 33. 

Legal disclaimer                                                                                                                                                 33. 

Interested audience 33. 

Function of the token. What the investor receives. 34. 

How to get tokens 34. 

Special offers 34. 

Distribution of proceeds from the sale of tokens 35. 

ICO project team 35​. 

 

 

  

2 
 



Preamble 

Cellular operators are obviously having a shortage of backbone resources, as they have cancelled the               

tariffs with unlimited Internet traffic. As a rule they claim that these tariffs are not in demand, but they                   

do not mention the inflated prices (from 1200 to 2500 rubles a month) for the unlimited traffic service.                  

Any poll of cellular subscribers will show that a subscriber will switch to an unlimited tariff if its price is                    

200-250 rubles (as it was at the start of the company Yota). The success of Yota is fully based on                    

unlimited Internet at a reasonable price! 

Mission 
● to improve the quality of service and reduce the price for regional Internet providers, and               

hence for end users. 

● to establish REGION-IX for the inclusion of Moscow operators in the all-Russia market and              
ensuring the quality of feedback in the regions of Russia. 

● to create co-brands together with mobile operators, offering unlimited Internet tariffs at            
reasonable prices, and to provide them with high-capacity lines. 

Objectives 
• to become the largest Internet provider in the regions of Russia. 
• to become the largest Russian Internet provider connecting Europe and China. 

Project Summary 

Planned turnover: 

• "Minimum" option: 200 million rubles. (The "Moscow-Krasnodar" direction with the capacity of            
800Gbit/s - 1600Gbit/s). 

• "Medium" option: 820 million rubles. (The Moscow-Yekaterinburg-Novosibirsk direction with         
the capacity of 500 Gbit/s). 

• "Maximum" option: 2.16 billion rubles. (The      
Stockholm-Moscow-Yekaterinburg-Novosibirsk-Krasnoyarsk-Irkutsk-Blagoveshchensk direction  

with the capacity of 2000 Gbit/s). 

• "Mega" option: 3 billion rubles. (The      
Stockholm-Moscow-Yekaterinburg-Novosibirsk-Krasnoyarsk-Irkutsk-Blagoveshchensk direction  

with the capacity of 4,000 Gbit / s). 

Return on Investment: 

• to reach the break-even point within 12-16 months from the beginning of financing. 

The timing of the launch: 

• "Minimum" option - 3 months. 
• "Medium" option - 6 months. 
• "Maximum" option - 11 months. 
• Option "Mega" - 24 months 

Equipment planned for acquisition: 

• Israel. 
• the USA. 

Legislative norms of fundamental importance: 

3 
 



The Order of the Ministry of Communications and Mass Media of the Russian Federation of August 26,                 

2014 No. 258 (http://68.rkn.gov.ru/directions/p18724/). 

Own means: 

• 30-200 million rubles. At the end of 2017. 

Risks: 

• Satellite Internet, 5G technology: optical fibre connections are faster. 
• Decentralization of data centres in Moscow: 

Data centres in the regions already exist, but no one is going there, because the main corporate                 

consumer is in Moscow (the management of all large companies, both corporations and media, is in                

Moscow, and wants to have the server side by side). And the expensive infrastructure of data centres                 

for tens of thousands of racks has already been established in Moscow, and is actively developing. 

Funding objectives 
• Option "Minimum": 170-300 million rubles of Investment for the direction "Moscow-Krasnodar" (2/3             

of the budget for fibre + 1/3 leased equipment / we are ready to give 40-45% of the share of SPV for                      

this). 

• Option "Medium": 800/1000 million rubles of investment (east, south, backbone inside - Russian              

traffic / the proportion of costs and the share of the investor are the same). 

• Option "Maximum": 2/3 billion rubles investment (east, south, backbone international traffic (from             

Stockholm to China) / 1/3 fibre + 2/3 leased equipment  / the share of the investor 45-55%). 

• Option "Mega": 4/6 billion rubles of investment (all the same, with only two parallel routes /                 

increase the capacity by 2-4 / - 1/3 of the budget for fibre + 2/3 leased equipment / the share of the                      

investor 55-65%). 

 

The market situation 
Introductory part 
 

 

4 
 



In 2015, despite the crisis (or perhaps more because of the economic crisis), there was an explosive                 

growth of traffic on the main Internet site of the country MSK-IX, traffic usually grew 2 times every 1.5                   

years, now we are experiencing a two-fold increase in a year. 

Figure 1.1 - The growth of IP traffic, the number of Internet users and application downloads                

(1994-2013) 

 

Source: ITU, based on ITU data, Cisco VNI, Andrew Odlyzko, RHK, Telegeography, IDC, ABI Research, and Chetan Sharma                  
Consulting. 

Notes. - 1. "b" is equal to a billion. 2. The figures for IP traffic and application downloads for 2010 and later, as well as the                          
number of individual Internet users for 2013 are estimated data. 

 

 

Note. - * Data for 2012 and 2013 are based on estimates. Source: ITU World Telecommunication / ICT Indicators Database. 

 

5 
 



 

The growth of mobile Internet traffic in 3G, 4G and Wi-Fi networks. 
 

All Internet traffic is becoming mobile nowadays. As a rule it is divided among cellular operator                
in the segments of 3G and 4G networks, federal and local regional operators which set up Wi-Fi access                  
points within residential and non-residential space. New Wi-Fi protocols, such as Wi-Fi/n/ac, have             
already overstepped the limit of 100 Mbit/s and are able to provide the speed up to 1 Gbit/s inside the                    
buildings. Although one should not overestimate the importance of Wi-Fi Internet compared to 3G and               
4G networks, as they are normally used (with optical fibre connection) to do the tasks which include                 
"heavy" web traffic transmissions. "Heavy" web traffic traditionally includes multimedia files at home             
as well as archived professional documents and data in the workplace.  

6 
 



For the moment none of the operators fulfills the conditions mentioned in their advertising 

slogans. All of them claim to provide the connection speed of 100 Mbit/s but basically cannot offer 

more than 30 Mbit/s. Talking about large companies, such as Rostelecom, Vympelcom, we should 

mention that the Internet speed they provide is even slower, 10 Mbit/s. 

 

Growth prognosis. 
Growth prognosis is set out in two publications describing global and regional trends. 

According to the data given in «Cisco® Visual Networking Index™ Global Mobile Data traffic 

Forecast for 2013 to 2018» mobile data traffic volume will increase eleven-fold in the next four years 

and might amount to 190 Exabytes in 2018. The projected growth of mobile data traffic will also be 

caused by the continuously increasing number of Internet-connected personal devices and M2M 

connections which will exceed 10 billion in 2018. This is 1,4 times bigger that the total world 

population which will be approximately 7,6 billion people, according to the United Nations estimates. 

The projected above potential traffic volume (190 Exabytes) in 2018 is equivalent to: 
• the amount of both fixed and mobile data IP-traffic in the year 2000 multiplied by a factor of                   

190 ; 
• 42 trillion of images (MMS messages, Instagram, etc.) - 15 messages a day per capita for a                  

year; 
• 4 trillion of videos (YouTube and others) - more than 1 video clip a day per capita for a year. 
Between 2017 and 2018 mobile Internet traffic will be increasing by 5.1 Exabytes every month.               

This will be triple the projected total mobile Internet traffic in 2013 (1,5 Exabytes a month)  

 

The main factors affecting the growth of global mobile data traffic 
Cisco predicts that the growth rate of the global mobile data traffic will be triple the growth                 

rate of the global fixed Internet traffic between 2013 and 2018. The abovementioned increase is               
determined by the following trends:  

• The increase in the number of mobile users from 4.1 billion in 2013 to 4.9 billion in 2018. 
• The increasing number of mobile connections. The amount of mobile devices and their              

connections is expected to reach 10 billion (8 billion of personal mobile devices and 2 billion of M2M                  
connections) in 2018; in 2013 the overall number of mobile devices and M2M connections equaled to                
7 billion. 

• Faster mobile data speeds. In 2018 the data transmission speed in global mobile networks               
will almost double, from 1.4 Mbit/s in 2013 to 2.5 Mbit/s in 2018.  

• Increasing amount of mobile video files. In 2018 mobile video files will make up 69 percent of                  
the global mobile data traffic, whereas in 2013 the rate was 53 percent. 
 

Global move to Smart devices 

• In 2018 54 percent of mobile connections will be classified as smart, in 2013 the rate was only                   
21 percent. Smart devices and connections are characterized by developed calculation and multimedia             
functions and a minimum level of 3G communications. 

• Smartphones, tablets and laptops will be forming 94 percent of total mobile data traffic in                
2018. M2M traffic will make up 5 percent of the global mobile data traffic, non-smartphones will take                 
1 percent and the share of other wearable devices will be 0.1 percent of the global mobile traffic.  

• Mobile cloud traffic will increase 12-fold in the period 2013-2018 at a CAGR of 64 percent. 
 
 
 
 

The impact of M2M connections and wearable devices 

7 
 



Talking about M2M connections we mean applications, which allow the communication           

between wired/wireless devices to provide navigation systems functioning (GPS), resource tracking,           

communal metering, video surveillance and security. A new segment of wearable devices, such as              

smart watch and glasses, physiological sensors, wearable measuring devices which are able to connect              

to networks via smartphones, Wi-Fi hotspots and Bluetooth, has also been added to this category for                

projecting the growth rate of IoE (Internet for Everything)  

• In 2013 M2M connections represented 5 percent of all mobile devices and more than 1                

percent of total mobile data traffic. 

• In 2018 M2M connections will account for almost 20 percent of all mobile devices and                

generate approximately 6 percent of total mobile data traffic. 

• In 2013 there were 21.7 million wearable devices. In 2018 the amount will grow up to 176.9                  

million at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 52 percent. 

Increase in mobile network connections speed 

The average speed is expected to almost double between 2013 and 2018. The speed of mobile                

data connections is the key factor to the support and growth of mobile traffic volume.  

  2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 CAGR 

Average connection speed 

of a mobile device (kb/s) 

1 387 1 676 1 908 2 147 2 396 2 509 13 % 

Average connection speed 

of a smartphone (kb/s) 

3 983 4 864 5 504 6 132 6 756 7 044 12 % 

 

Source: the results of  ​Cisco Global Internet Speed Test (GIST)​, held as a part of the Cisco VNI program and other                     
independent evaluations of network speeds. Cisco GIST application is used by over a million of people worldwide. The                  
abovementioned numbers refer to mobile data connection speed only and do not include Wi-Fi networks speed. The                 
forecasts are based on extrapolation of historical data about mobile network connection speed. 

4G standard and traffic growth. 

Many communications operators are introducing 4G standards technology to meet the growing 
demand for wireless service.  New mobile communications infrastructures, based on 4G standards, 
are created in emerging markets, while in developed countries 4G technologies either replace or 
complement the inherited 2G and 3G solutions. 

• 4G networks will represent 15 percent of total connections in 2018, whereas the share was 
2.9 percent in 2013.  

• In 2018 4G connections will generate 51 percent of total mobile data traffic, that is 8 Exabytes 
monthly. In 2013 the share was 30 percent, 448 Petabytes monthly. 

• Between 2013 and 2018 4G mobile data traffic will increase 18-fold. (78 percent CAGR). 
 

More traffic was offloaded from cellular networks (on to Wi-Fi) than remained on cellular networks 

Offload pertains to traffic from dual-mode devices (i.e., supports cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity, 
excluding laptops) over Wi-Fi and small-cell networks. Offloading occurs at the user or device level 
when one switches from a cellular connection to Wi-Fi or small-cell access. Cisco VNI Global Mobile 
Data Traffic Forecast (2013-2018) projections include traffic from both public hotspots and residential 
Wi-Fi networks. 

• In 2018 more traffic will be offloaded from cellular networks on to Wi-Fi (17.3 Exabytes per 
month) than remained on cellular networks (15.9 Exabytes per month) 

• By 2018, 52 percent of all traffic from mobile-connected devices will be offloaded to the fixed 
network by means of Wi-Fi devices and femtocells (compared to 45 percent in 2013) 

8 
 

http://gistdata.ciscovni.com/


 

Global analysis of mobile applications: video keeps the highest position 

Between 2013 and 2018 mobile video traffic will increase 14-fold with a maximum CAGR among all 
mobile applications. 

• Mobile video traffic will account for 69 percent of total mobile data traffic in 2018 ( with 53 
percent in 2013) 

• The share of web and other networking applications will decrease to 17 percent of total 
mobile data traffic (with 28 percent in 2013) 

• The share of audio streaming will fall from 14 percent in 2013 to 11 percent in 2018. 
• File sharing mobile data traffic will account for 3 percent in 2018 ( with 4 percent in 2013) 

Global Mobile Data Traffic Forecast by Region 
According to the forecast, the Middle East and Africa will have the strongest mobile data traffic growth 
of any region. The ranking of regions according to the projected growth rate by 2018 is provided 
below:  

1. Middle East and Africa will experience the highest CAGR of 70 percent, increasing 14-fold; 
2. Central and Eastern Europe will have the CAGR of 68 percent, increasing 13-fold; 
3. Asia Pacific will have the third-highest CAGR of 67 percent, increasing 13-fold; 
4. Latin America will have the CAGR of 66 percent, increasing 13-fold; 
5. North America will have the CAGR of 50 percent, increasing 8-fold. 
6. West Europe will have the CAGR of 50 percent, increasing 7-fold; 

Asia Pacific will lead all regions in mobile data traffic volume. The projected mobile data traffic volume 
ranking of regions in 2018 is provided below: 

1. Asia Pacific with 6.72 Exabytes per month; 
2. North America with 2.95 Exabytes per month; 
3. West Europe with 1.9 Exabytes per month; 
4. Central and East Europe with 1.64 Exabytes per month; 
5. Middle East and Africa with 1.49 Exabytes per month; 
6. Latin America with 1.16 Exabytes per month​. 

 

Methodology of the research 
The Cisco VNI Global Mobile Data Traffic Forecast (2013-2018)was based on a combination of 

analyst projections, in-house estimates and forecasts, and direct data collection. Upon this foundation 

are layered Cisco’s own estimates for application adoption, minutes of use, and kilobytes per minute. 

The adoption, usage, and bit-rate assumptions are tied to fundamental enablers such as broadband 

speed and computing speed. A more detailed description of the methodology is included in the given 

report. 

(​http://www.cisco.com/en/US/solutions/collateral/ns341/ns525/ns537/ns705/ns827/white_paper_c1

1-520862.html​). 

«Global mobile data will continue its impressive growth and will increase almost 11-fold in the next 5                 
years; in 2018 it will surpass 57-fold over that just a few years before, in 2010, - Doug Webster, Cisco'                    
Vice President for Global Marketing and Corporate Communication, points out. - Such growth shows              
that mobility has become the most important characteristic of any interaction with the web and both                
individual users and companies attach great importance to it. Such bright dynamics also shows that               
service providers located at ground zero for the IoE, are given immense opportunities.». 

Corporate clients got carried away with additional services. 

Omsk branches of mobile service providers claim a slight increase of corporate clients share. Not the                

least, the success of this business direction could be explained by a significant growth of mobile                

Internet usage. 

9 
 

http://www.cisco.com/en/US/solutions/collateral/ns341/ns525/ns537/ns705/ns827/white_paper_c11-520862.html
http://www.cisco.com/en/US/solutions/collateral/ns341/ns525/ns537/ns705/ns827/white_paper_c11-520862.html


The federal press notes that this year mobile service providers have experienced a substantial growth               

in the number of corporate subscribers. As "Vedomosti" report, this segment has grown by 10-20               

percent, while the growth of the total subscribers base accounts to 4 percent for the period. The                 

newspaper reports that providers’ proceeds from corporate clients exceed the average rate by 40              

percent. Business clients consume a greater number of expensive services, such as international             

roaming and mobile Internet. 

Diagnostics Company has conducted a survey among communications providers and found out that             

Omsk market was slightly different from the federal one. Nevertheless all the market players note an                

increasing interest of business clients in data delivery and additional services. 

Targeting small business. 

Maksim Solovyev, commercial director of «Tele2 Omsk» claims that Omsk market in general             

follows the all-Russia trend. 

«Tele2 Omsk is experiencing a more dynamic growth of corporate clients segment compared to              

the individual subscribers segment. This involves both the proceeds and net increase in the subscribers               

database. In the first half of 2014 in the context of oversaturated mobile communications market               

Tele2 corporate clients database increased by 7 percent in Omsk. The stable growth of the company                

proceeds in business segment is grounded in the constantly growing level of consumption of all kinds                

of traffic - voice and data. Existing practice shows that corporate clients talk more and use discount                 

services more frequently». 

According to the press service of the mobile provider, voice traffic continues to prevail in the mobile                 

communications market for business, however the use of Internet services has also started to grow. 

The two trends influencing the market have been noted recently. The first one is that               

popularity of prepaid tariff plans has grown rapidly. The second trend refers to the increasing sales in                 

the segment of Machine-to-Machine. M2M tariffs are in a great demand among business people, who               

work in the cargo-passenger industry, housing and utilities, accurate accounting and facilities            

protection sectors. Talking about additional services we should mention that Internet discount            

services continue to lead. Such service as "City mobile number", which provides the opportunity for a                

businessman to have a simple easy-to-remember six-digit mobile number, is also popular. 

«We can meet the communications demands of a company of any size but first of all we target                  

small and medium-sized businesses», — Solovyev reports. 

Infrastructure projects 

The current trends identified by the federal press are confirmed by the "Megafon" company as               

well. 

«In relation to Omsk the growth of the company proceeds from providing services to              

B2B-segment is double the growth of the proceeds in mass market», — reports the provider's press                

service. 

The current situation can be explained by several factors. 

Firstly, the number of services for corporate clients is growing.  

Telemetry service and remote device management (M2M) has been added to a basic set of               

services provided. The number of registered M2M SIM-cards in "Megafon" increased by 200 percent              

for 9 months of 2014 compared with 2013. 

10 
 



Secondly, data transmission services are becoming more popular. Smartphone and tablet           

penetration has increased significantly over the past 2 or 3 years, while employers have changed their                

approach to mobile Internet services which are included in their corporate tariffs. Earlier it was               

considered to be a kind of entertainment but now it is viewed as exigencies of service. Employers have                  

the interest to register mobile corporate e-mails which are always at hand. They are also interested in                 

mapping and positioning services (for transport companies). 

Thirdly, "Megafon"'s inter-provider market entry (B2O) has influenced the increase as well. "Megafon" 

is one of the top Internet providers that have their access to the Internet backbone networks and sell 

traffic to local Internet operators. 

Finally, the launch of the website "Gosuslugi" and implementation of digital data exchange systems by 

government agencies and institutions has provoked a significant increase in demand for building of 

Virtual Private Networks (VPN) which are used to organize a common IT-infrastructure among all the 

branches and divisions. 

Last autumn "Megafon" won the tender to build VPN for the Department of the Ministry of Internal 

Affairs and other divisions in the Siberia Federal District. iKS-Consulting estimates that the VPN market 

in Siberia is approximately 1.3 billion roubles. 

Services in one package  

Director of the Omsk branch of OJSC "Vympelcom", Kirill Ryazanov, claims that the market 

remains at the same level with the means that customers spend on cellular communication, but the 

consumption of services has grown significantly. According to him, the share of the provider in the 

corporate communications market is increasing.  

"This is due to the popularity of package offers. They provide a larger set of services for the                  

same money. The second factor is a decrease in the price of services in roaming, which led to an                   

increase in traffic outside the country. Over the past year, Omsk customers of "Beeline" have started                

to use mobile Internet 5 times more actively in roaming. As for the distribution of income between the                  

B2B and B2C markets, corporate customers are more likely to spend money on mobile              

communications. They see it as an investment in business processes. Companies launch projects that              

require new telecommunications services, and pay more attention to these services, "Ryazanov says.             

According to him, the increase in the demand for mobile Internet is noticeable. The traffic of data                 

transmission in the network "Beeline" has increased by 2.7 times for the last year. At the same time,                  

voice services remain in high demand.  

"In addition to mobile Internet, M2M services, which provide remote device management, and FMC              

has become more popular. Thanks to the latter, people can call a short number from their mobile                 

phone and from their office phones to a mobile one. This service is mainly used by large companies,                  

but the potential of this convergent service is very large - it might be of interest to small businesses,                   

"Ryazanov points out. 

 

Attention to cloud solutions  

However, according to the representatives of MTS, this trend has not yet affected this company. For 

the first half of 2014, both the mass market and the business market segments- increased by 10-15 

percent compared to the same period last year. As for the revenue, MTS was the only company to 

show an increase in the subscriber's average bill in the second quarter of 2014.  

"More than a half of the city-forming enterprises in Omsk, as well as small and medium-sized                

businesses use the services of MTS. Companies choose the provider and tariffs, based on the interest                

11 
 



in data transmission services. Packets of mobile traffic are becoming the integral part of the contract,                

as well as voice services. All our corporate customers use high-speed data services. The volume of                

Internet traffic transmitted by the B2B segment in Omsk has increased 1.5 times over the year, "the                 

press service of the provider emphasized.  

There is also a growing demand for cloud services, such as cloud exchange, video surveillance               

and data storage. Cloud solutions including "Free call 8-800" and "Auto attendant" are especially              

popular. With the help of the service "Free call 8-800" a customer receives a single telephone line with                  

a multi-channel number, which is free to phone for the caller. And the "Auto Attendant" service                

combines all the existing phone numbers and processes incoming calls regardless of their amount.  

The average annual growth rate of corporate customers' market for mobile operators accounts for 15 

percent. 

The revenues of the operators from corporate subscribers are much higher than the average for the                

market. This result can be explained by the fact that business customers consume more expensive               

services. 

Business model, the idea of the founders 
The creation of a virtual operator of cellular communications RUSTELEPORT, by exchanging the             

resources of the backbone for leased capacity of the cellular network infrastructure in the form of                

issuing branded SIM cards. 

1) Actual and not expensive unlimited INTERNET at a price of 200-300 rubles per month for the                 

subscriber is the main advantage of the new cellular operator. 

2) We are planning to agree on exchange of the channel of 1 000Gbps 8000km long, from Moscow and                   

all over Russia at the main points of traffic distribution: Krasnodar, Samara, Yekaterinburg, Novosibirsk              

in exchange for 1 million SIM cards (We should have no difficulty since the expenditures of operators                 

connected with building backbones are much higher due to the specific of their ability). In this                

approach they have no expenditures at all, except for those occurring due to the exploitation of                

already-present infrastructure and Rusteleport will definitely make good the deficiency of capacity for             

providing unlimited tariffs 

Calculation of the cost exchange: Rental cost of a channel for 10Gbit/s 1,500-2,000 km long is                

500,000-800,000 rub a month in the market. Rental cost of a channel for 100Gbit/s for 1,500-2,000 km                 

in the market is 4-6 mln rub a month in the market. And the rental cost of a channel for 1 Tbit/s (1,000                       

Gbit/s) is 30-40 mln rub a month correspondingly. 

      Taking into account the length of the network of Rusteleport, which is 8,000 km, the wholesale                

price for 1 Tbit/s for 8,000 km will be 200 million rubles a month, which corresponds to the average                   

income gained from 1 million subscribers per month. In fact, it is possible to form a tariff of the source                    

operator which leaves all the costs of voice and SMS the same but makes the Internet traffic unlimited                  

– just like at the start of sales of YOTA SIM cards. All the voice traffic and SMS is reserved for the                      

source operator, but the income gained from the Internet is distributed using the virtual operator               

Rusteleport. 

3) The sales of Rusteleport SIM cards, offering an inexpensive unlimited tariff, through the network of                

mobile operators and retailers of electronics stores will not take much time - it will be necessary to                  

think how to build new backbones quickly to get the next million of the SIM cards. 

4) Such program of backbone (Terabit) lines exchange for 1 million of SIM cards will allow the                 

following: first, to set the retail price of selling Internet resources to Rustelport; secondly, to meet the                 

demand of mobile operators for the backbone channels – it is their long-held dream to create an                 

12 
 



outsourced operator whose only responsibility would be ensuring their trunk circuits (They have             

already given the cellular towers to such servicing companies as the “Russian Towers”) 

5) The planned revenue from the sales of 1 million of SIM cards is 200 million rubles a months. 

(The planned revenue of Rusteleport gained from 1 Terabit/s between the cities of Moscow and               

Krasnodar is 20 million rubles a month, Moscow and Samara - 20 million rubles a month, Moscow and                  

Yekaterinburg - 25 million rubles a month, Moscow and Novosibirsk - 35 million rubles a month. It                 

gives a total revenue of 90 million rubles a month.) This difference of + 110 million rubles a month may                    

be the subject of bargaining to reach parity in negotiations with the cellular operators. 

6) The retail market presence will require serious advertising and such image advertising will also               

promote the channels sales for alternative operators. 

     Let us have a look at some recent publications. The Russian telecommunications market: ICT              

services based on data transmission networks will be the source of long-term growth. According to               

preliminary data, the Russian telecommunications market reached the size of 1 635 billion rubles in               

2013. The growth rate of the market was 6%, having decreased by 1 pp as compared to 2012, this                   

downdraft will continue in the following years - the average annual growth will be 4% in 2014-2018.  

As far as the largest segments of the market are saturated, significant changes in the structure of the                  

industry, the growth rates of revenues are not expected. More than a half of the revenue comes from                  

cellular communications. This segment is growing faster than the rest of the market, mainly due to                

mobile Internet services. As a result, by 2018, cellular communications will account for almost 2/3 of                

the communications market. 

Telecommunications market dynamics in Russia in 2009-2018.

 

● Almost 80% of the Russian telecommunications market is formed by the "big four" -              
Rostelecom, MTS, VympelCom and Megafon, which are present in all major segments of the              

communications industry. Following the results of 2013, the four leaders jointly control (in             

terms of revenues): 

● 89% of the mobile communications market 

13 
 



● 78% of the local telephone market 
● 90% of domestic long-distance and international communication market 
● 58% of the market for broadband Internet access 
● 38% of the pay TV market 

http://mskit.ru/analytics/a156625/  

Russia: the total volume of communication services in the corporate segment might reach 360 billion               

rubles by 2016. 

J'son & Partners Consulting Company presented a summary of the study of the competitive situation in                

the telecommunications market in the B2B segment. 

As noted in the company: the development of information and communication technologies is one of               

the strategic directions of the economy modernization of the Russian Federation. The growth of              

investment in the development of modern telecommunications infrastructure of enterprises improves           

their efficiency, accelerates the response to market challenges and increases competitiveness in the             

long term. 

The research was based on a quoted quantitative survey of the corporate sector, which combined both                

telephone and online methods. The spectrum of the analyzed services included local telephone             

services, wired Internet access, virtual private networks (VPN) and leased line circuits, as well as               

mobile voice communications. 

 

The total volume of the research services market in 2012 amounted to 240 billion rubles, 54%                

of which was for fixed communication. Despite a small share in the overall structure of Russian                

business (7% of companies) large business accounts for almost half (49%) of the revenues from fixed                

and mobile services. 

According to J'son & Partners Consulting forecasts, the average annual growth (CAGR) should             

be about 10%, and the total volume of fixed and mobile communication services in the corporate                

segment might reach 360 billion rubles by 2016. 

The report examines the dynamics of income in 2010-2012 and the forecast of its development               

up to 2016 in the segments of the considered services. The growth of the telecommunications market                

will be caused by the further development of voice mobile communication services, wired Internet              

access and the development of virtual communication networks. According to J'son & Partners             

Consulting, in the context of services, mobile voice communication will show the greatest growth due               

to the spread of smartphones among employees of regional companies and a decrease in the average                

price of smartphones. 

http://www.cnews.ru/news/line/rossiya_k_2016_g.obshchij_obem_uslug 

Experts: Russian telecommunications market will slow down its growth rate in 2014-2018. 

           12/17/2013, Moscow 18:34:28 The Russian telecommunications market will slow down its           

growth rate in 2014-2018. Such a forecast is given in the study by the analytical agency iKS-Consulting. 

          According to preliminary data, the market reached 1 trillion 635 billion rubles in 2013, which is                

6% more than the previous year. At the same time, the growth rate decreased by 1 percentage point                  

compared to 2012. "The downdraft will continue in the coming years - the average annual growth in                 

2014-2018 will be 4%." The low growth rates of the market are explained by the exhaustion of the                  

14 
 

http://www.cnews.ru/news/line/rossiya_k_2016_g.obshchij_obem_uslug
http://mskit.ru/analytics/a156625/


sources of extensive growth in all major segments which traditionally were the drivers of the market “,                 

the study says. 

According to experts, the penetration of cellular communications in Russia has exceeded 166%             

in the calculation for SIM-cards and 110% - when calculating for active subscribers. The number of                

broadband Internet access subscribers has exceeded 27 million, the penetration has reached 49%,             

while in large cities it reaches 60-80% and often exceeds 50% in cities of regional significance with a                  

population of less than 500 thousand people. 

Furthermore, the pay TV market with penetration of 55% is rapidly slowing down its development               

dynamics. So, if in 2012 the growth of subscribers was 17%, then in 2013 it was only 9%, and in 2014 a                      

further slowdown is expected - up to 6%. 

More information on RBC:  ​http://www.rbc.ru/rbcfreenews/20131217183428.shtml 

What do the following figures and analytics indicate? 

They indicate the fact that the total telecommunications market amounts to more than 1.5 trillion               

rubles a year and its growth is slowing down while all other industries (except food) have been in                  

long-term stagnation. 

How to calculate the segment of backbone services for alternative operators? 

You can have a look at the structure of communication costs in the budget of an average family of 3                    

people and the structure of content consumption. Every month a family spends: 

• about 500 rubles for each cell phone, 

• 250 rubles for cable TV, 

• 500 ruble for the Internet at home, 

• 300 rubles for the Internet per each employee in the office 

The total sum is 2100 rub, 800 rubles of which is the Internet fee to a local operator at home and at                      

work. Half of them are networks bought by the Big Four, as a result an alternative operator gets 400                   

rubles a month from a family that is 19%, which corresponds to the estimate in this Article 

http://mskit.ru/analytics/a156625/​: 

Almost 80% of the Russian telecommunications market is formed by the "«Big Four»" -              

Rostelecom, MTS, VympelCom and Megafon, which are present in all major segments of the              

communications industry. According to the results of 2013 the four leaders jointly control (in terms of                

revenues): 

• 89% of the mobile communications market 

• 78% of the local telephone market 

• 90% of domestic long-distance and international communication market 

• 58% of the market for broadband Internet access 

• 38% of the pay TV market 

Our alternative operator is in the segment of broadband access - these are local operators               

owning 42% of broadband Internet access, in their expenditures the backbone Internet connection             

amounts to 30%. 

15 
 

http://www.rbc.ru/rbcfreenews/20131217183428.shtml
http://mskit.ru/analytics/a156625/


In absolute terms, the market for these operators is listed as 20% of 1600 billion rubles. That                 

is, 320,000 billion rubles, 100 billion dollars of which they spend every year on backbone               

communications. Accordingly, our market segment is 10 billion rubles a months, where there are 10               

backbone communication operators in Russia. 

Our revenue, with regard to the rules of the game established by the existing players, is                

expected to be 1 billion rubles a month. This is not reasonably good, considering the planned                

expenditures for the network which amount to 0.5 billion for each of the 3 major regions (Southern                 

FD, Ural, Siberia) and constitute a maximum of 1.5 billion rubles. But we are attempting to take 1/6                  

of the market volume by installing 1-2Terabit/s channels with half of the price established in the                

market, and therefore we can talk about 2billion rubles of revenue a month. 

In fact, now traffic growth is creating a slight revenue increase and for cellular companies               

with 100 Gbit/s channels all across Russia their own more expensive traffic is more valuable than                

renting it to competitors, and therefore they will even be grateful to us for reducing their backbone                 

networks congestion. 

Also, looking at the example of consumption of an average family, one can analyze the quantity                

of necessary traffic for today: 

• In the morning, an average family watches the news on TV, and for now 20% of families use IP                    

TV, they read jokes and check the weather online – it creates a load on the home WI-FI point. On their                     

way to work people check traffic jams and messages in Viber and WhatsApp, listen to music using                 

streaming Internet players – that is mobile traffic. 

• At work an accountant’s computer is already connected to 1C cloud or 1C server of the parent                  

company from Moscow, and there is also an exchange of large data files on the projects, designs and                  

others - all this is a burden to the broadband provider, including the alternative one. 

• On their way from work people use the same amount of mobile traffic for checking traffic                 

jams and navigation. 

• Resting at home includes online games for children, films online for adults (there’s nothing               

interesting on TV anyway) and this again creates a significant burden on the broadband Internet               

provider. 

Thus, even though mobile operators receive 80% of revenue for mobile content, they transmit              

no more than 10% of the subscriber's traffic, and the entire information load still rests with the local                  

broadband provider, which receives 20% of the remaining revenue (80-20% rule) 

These figures are also supported by the available experience: - Cellular providers have raised              

100 Gbp/s channels, while only one of the Internet exchange points, MSK-IX, has a statistics of 2 000                  

Gigabit/s bandwidth (2T/s) with the total traffic of about 6-8T/s. Cellular companies provide only              

0.4-0.6 T/s and will not be able to replace the broadband providers completely. The current data are                 

given without taking into account the burden of UltraHD (4K) videos and the "Internet of things". 

Situation analysis in the industry 

 Since the development of the market was underestimated in the industry, there are constantly 

emerging free niches for the provision of services. Currently all alternative regional Internet operators 

have been abandoned because backbone providers provide traffic only to their retail customers and 

even then not in full measure. They simply do not have enough resources as they have paid for 

transmitters and frequencies for 3G and 4G networks. They also do not see the point in maintaining 

the process of competition in retail, selling backbone lines to medium and small regional competitors, 

16 
 



which in turn are not going to be either sold or bankrupt. Nobody buys these regional operators, and 

the stabilization of prices and demand for services allows them to survive.  

Another large layer of traffic consumers has emerged, Data Processing Centres of different 

levels. The crisis has forced large and medium-sized companies to drastically cut IT costs by moving 

their servers more decisively to regional data centres. Such regional data centre networks like ClaudIX 

require high-quality MSK-EKT-NSK traffic at reasonable prices.  Objectively, the two technologies, UHD 

TV and Internet of things, will create explosive traffic growth in the near future.  Single attempts to 

transmit ultra-HD channels over the satellite in Europe, America and Japan have failed – having 4 HD 

channels for showing one UHD turned out to be not profitable at all and no advertising pays off the 

expenditures at least until the next generation of satellites, with increased capacity due to a cascade 

piloting (when one degree contains not one, but 4-5 satellites), is introduced. But for the moment it is 

expensive and unaffordable. Therefore, all UHD content broadcasting is conducted through IP over 

optical cable networks. At the same time, multicast (broadcast) organized content is very little so users 

"pull" content from the UHD Internet into their own built-in Ethernet TV ports through broadcast 

(individual requests) channels, incredibly overloading the network infrastructure. The availability of HD 

media and the ease of cloud usage have already spawned the problem of transport placement, and the 

processing of "large data".  

 The Internet of things first of all includes automobile "gadgets", that will overload 4G 

operators, and smart security systems with virtual cooks (refrigerators, microwave ovens, ovens with 

built-in requests for recipes of dishes and requests for replenishment in online stores), that will fill 

local home networks with uncontrollable user traffic.  

 The term "digital inequality" in Russia is adopted by Rostelecom to justify budget infusions into 

infrastructure. They have also understood that the backbones became outdated during the periods of 

crises, and expand their main line from 800 Gbit/s to 2000 Gbit/s only for current needs:  

http://pda.cnews.ru/news/index.shtml?top/2015/04/08/594745​: 

"Rostelecom will purchase DR and AR routers for IP/MPLS network (the first one aggregates 

traffic from Russian subscribers for its distribution between service devices; the second one 

concentrates traffic from aggregation switches). These purchases are required to expand the 

Rostelecom's IP/MPLS network from 800 Gbit/s to 2 Tbit/s and complement the transit backbone 

network BTM TEA, which connects Europe and Asia. The total budget of the corresponding projects is 

6.7 billion roubles. " 

 Our task is not so global, we are aimed to take on a very specific niche of 1000 Gbit/s (100                    

channels of 10 Gbit/s) on the Moscow-Ural-Siberian route, as macro-regional access points for almost              

all Russian alternative providers were historically formed in Samara, Yekaterinburg and Novosibirsk.            

And the lack of channel resources is regularly noticed in Ural and Siberia because of little attention to                  

the eastern regions from the Moscow managers. 

 
Why the Krasnodar Territory? 

The first reason is that it is the most populous region after Moscow and the Moscow region with a                   

population of more than 5 million people, and it is growing continuously. The active part of Russian                 

people is presented here: the retired with high incomes and capital from the north of the country and                  

active young workers from the south of the country. Both are active users of information services and                 

high-tech gadgets, whose traffic is sometimes not controlled by the user (Windows 10, for instance,               

uploads all the computer contents to the network (to the Microsoft cloud), the latest versions of IOS                 

do the same thing on their devices from mobile phones to tablets and computers. CCTV cameras made                 

17 
 

http://pda.cnews.ru/news/index.shtml?top/2015/04/08/594745


in Korea send all the content to Korean cloud servers, Chinese ones to Chinese clouds of video                 

information storage. Thus, a growing population using modern gadgets create an avalanche of IP traffic               

in the region, while the operators of the «Big Four» pay little attention to this region. They primarily                  

service such departments as TTC-RZD, Svyaztransneft-Transneft and their subscribers, and do not care             

about the local alternative operators that are their competitors in the region (Rostelecom and cellular               

operators ). For hundreds of alternative operators that provide much better services to the population,               

there are only 2 or 3 operators (CDI, Severnoye Volokno (Nothern Fibre)) which are able to offer                 

decent quality at a reasonable price but are unable to change the established order of prices, as a                  

result they are not presented in this region. 

Today, on the Moscow-Voronezh-Rostov-on-Don-Krasnodar-Anapa section, there is a proposal to buy           

ready-made optical fibres, which reduces the cost of the project by 10 times and reduces the                

construction period to 3 months, which equals to the time of delivery and installation of the needed                 

equipment. 

Roadmap and composition of the project 
The Essence of the Project 
It sounds simple for a specialist: Buying "dark fibre" - selling "light fibre" 

The essence of the whole project in brief: taking the place of one of the leading (in the top ten) 

alternative providers of Russia for alternative broadband operators riding on the wave of demand for 

growing traffic. 

If we consider telecom business, then the backbone IP transit from Moscow to the main nodes of the 

country is the most profitable. 

Nothing has changed in the last several thousand years  of our history, people need bread and 

spectacles. This means that food, information and entertainment industries will always be afloat (the 

recent crises, which have been very protracted since 2008, have proved by the fact that our colleagues 

and we have not felt it in the communications industry at all). 

The Internet is the quintessence of information and entertainment flow and it is the cheapest               

and most affordable of all the options (for 500 rubles you can go to the cinema once or download                   

everything from the Internet for the whole month, and even despite the new restrictions, VPN services                

bypass everything, and all of China started using them long time ago). 

Here the main conclusion arises - money from traffic come in the places with a large                

population. 

The second largest-populated region in Russia after Moscow is the Southern Federal District,             

mainly the Krasnodar Territory (more than 5 million people) will bring the bulk of revenue in the                 

analysis of all regions of Russia. 

Krasnodar, roughly, will take up to 3TB/s bands. It is clear that we should shock the market and                  

offer a service at a price of 2 times lower (the current business plan was designed taking this into                   

account). 

The unit of service we have is 10 Gigabit/s for a 2000 km section with a price of 250,000 rubles,                    

which is 2.5 lower than the one that the current market offers. 

Krasnodar will absorb 300 such channels, which will give the total revenue of 300 * 250000 =                 

75mln rubles a month, that is 13mln. dollars a year, which allows us to talk about the payback of the                    

project in less than 1 year with 100% of the system load. 

18 
 



Most importantly, it is already defined who to buy ready-made fibres in these areas from and                

half of the contracts are already signed. 

We are planning to switch on the Krasnodar-Moscow section in 3 months. On this site, the                

commercial director and construction deputy in combination has already agreed with the buyers of              

traffic, the site is chosen, there is an agreement with the provider for the switch-on of Rostov and the                   

Caucasus. The contract for the Krasnodar fibres and then to Anapa (total distance of 1980 km.) is in my                   

table (with the forward-looking intention to lay the cable by sea to Kerch). We will receive the                 

equipment at 1000 km in the warehouse and the rest of the amplifiers and muxponders in a couple of                   

months. It will take us not more than 3 weeks to install all the equipment. 

There are two main seasons for the rise and allocation of traffic by alternative operators in the                 

regions. They are autumn and spring. By the spring of 2018, the broadband traffic market of southern                 

Russia will be ours. In the winter, for the New Year's holidays, we will arrange a show with presents on                    

the finished sites - a free month of testing and free connection, and such actions as "Bring a “friend”                   

operator and both of you will get a discount", etc. 

Here is the experience of successful development in the previous 10 years:  

 ​www.infomagistral.com/35d.zip  

Why do we choose telecommunications projects after all? 

 

 

Comparative characteristics of most profitable business systems 

 Shopping and entertainment   

centre 

Backbone Internet Service Provider 

Initial expenses 150mln rubles 150mln rubles 

Initial volumes 2000 square meters 20 channels of 10 Gb/s for 2000 km 

Revenue per month 2 million rubles 4 million rubles 

The possibility of   

expanding 

No possibility. It is necessary     

to build a new venue. 

It is possible to expand up to 400 channels         

of 10 Gbit/s in each of the sections. 6         

sections of 2000 km are developed. 

Revenues with  

increased 

investments 

Grow in direct proportion Grow geometrically and despite a decrease      

in the price per channel 

The maximum  

revenue with  

maximum 

investment 

Investing of 2 billion rubles will      

give a revenue of 30 million      

rubles a months in the sales      

area of 26000 square meters 

Investing of 2 billion rubles will give a        

revenue of 360 million rubles a month for        

400 channels in 6 sections of 2000 km long. 

19 
 

http://www.infomagistral.com/35d.zip


Competitive 

environment 

Dozens of shopping and    

entertainment centres in the    

cities have already almost    

saturated the market. 

Growing networks in order to     

expand the market are forced     

to go into small towns and      

villages, for example, Magnet. 

 

There is a dozen of backbone operators in        

total, 5 of which are major operators which        

serve their subscribers and do not care       

about local operators that are competitors      

for them in the regions (Rostelecom and       

cellular operators) or serve agencies     

(TTC-RZD, Svyaztransneft-Transneft). For   

hundreds of alternative operators that     

provide much better services to the      

population, there are only 2-3 saturated      

operators which are ready to offer      

reasonable prices for acceptable quality     

(CDI, Northern Fibre), but unable to break       

the established prices in the market. 

 

Expenditures A permanent presence of the     

owner at the site is required to       

monitor the income and    

expenditures for capital   

repairs, which are necessary    

every 3-5 years with significant     

investment.  

Significant utility bills and staff     

salaries.  

Significant taxes on real estate     

and land. 

Total costs are more than half      

of the revenues. 

  

The entire system is controlled remotely via       

communication channels. The whole load is      

viewable and it is possible to determine the        

flow of income. There is an opportunity to        

monitor the quality of services with the help        

of built-in quality control modes. 

High quality equipment does not require      

replacement and repair up to 15 years       

(amplifiers, power supplies). The fibre     

service life is more than 35 years. Every 7-8         

years it is necessary to change the batteries        

and the transponders for the ones with a        

higher bandwidth.  

The object of communication is not an       

object of real estate and it is possible to         

accelerate depreciation up to 7 years, this       

reduces the profit tax many times and       

allows to carry out a comprehensive      

modernization of the network financed     

from the resources. 

Total costs are not more than 10%. Taking        

into account the leasing payments for      

changing transponders for the ones of a       

new generation - no more than 20% 

 

Production plan 
 

1. The production and sales program (Table 4). Adopted production technology: 

20 
 



Obtaining the final product (the Internet leased port between the main Internet sites of Russia in                
Moscow and in the south) does not require a new fibre-optic cable construction at present.  

After an explosive growth of the construction for 3G and 4G networks in regions among cellular                
operators, there are still some operators servicing sections of such a cable which have free optical                
fibres. An agreement has been reached with the owners of the fibres, in two alternative sections of                 
Moscow-Anapa.  

For "switching on the fibres" it is planned to purchase DWDM 44 channel multiplexing              
equipment with OUT-4 3rd generation chips with a bandwidth of one laser frequency of 100Gbit/s and                
a regeneration section length of 2500km. 

2. Requirements for the organization of production. 

The necessary space for placing the equipment is 1-2 U (the height of 2-4 cm of the 19-inch rack)                   
in the racks of the signal amplification units every 100-120 km of the backbone line. The power                 
requirement is not more than 160 W, voltage - 220 V AC and/or 48 V DC.  

The deployment in the cities provisioning traffic occurs in specialized data centres. The space              
required for 200 channels of 10G is 20U with a power consumption of 360 watts per 1 U.  

To control and manage the network, a network with 128 IP addresses is leased from a provider                 
present in the data centre in Moscow with access by login/password from anywhere on the Internet. 

3. Set of the main equipment, its suppliers and terms of supply (lease, purchase).             

Equipment leasing. 

The main equipment is a DWDM system consisting of amplifiers (EDFA every 100km) and I/O               
multiplexers at the end points.  

Choosing from various manufacturers, there are currently two options under consideration,           
either a proven Israeli manufacturer or a well-known manufacturer from the United States. The first               
one provides the most compact modules and the newest and the longest-range chips of the               
multiplexers.  

Equipment leasing is preferable. 

4. Suppliers of raw materials (name, terms of delivery) and indicative prices.  

The purchase of fibres in the backbone cables at the Moscow-Anapa section is based on an                
arrangement with 2 cable owners in the regions.  

5.  Alternative sources of supply of raw materials.  

The two options for obtaining fibres and equipment are mentioned above. 

6. Number of employees and labor costs.  

A staff consists of 7-8 people: a director, an accountant, 1 or 2 sales managers, 2 people for                  
maintenance of the equipment on the backbone line and one person in every city of presence for                 
connecting the ports. As far as the maintenance, which includes preservation of fibre integrity and               
smooth power supply, is the responsibility of the organizations which operate the cable and the fibre                
optical signal amplification platforms, the cost of 100 rubles for 1 km of fibre and 1500 rubles for 1 U                    
covers the need to maintain personnel every 200km. Total costs for the staff salaries, including taxes,                
amount up to 600,000 a month and the cost of rented units and cable maintenance is 428,000 rubles in                   
the section of Moscow-Yekaterinburg. All these monthly expenditures (of $ 20,000) are presented in the               
table of total financial turnover. 

21 
 



7. Cost of the main production assets.  

Corresponds to the cost of capital investments.  

8. The form of depreciation (simple, accelerated). The rate of depreciation. The           

grounds for applying accelerated depreciation (Table 7).  

It is possible to apply accelerated depreciation for the period up to 7 years for the equipment                 
with a service life of 15 years and for fibres with a service life of 30 years - up to 15 years.  

9. Annual production costs. Fixed and variable costs. The cost of each unit of             

production is indicated in Paragraph 6. 

The cost of the network maintenance is calculated as follows: rent payment for places used for                
equipment, the cost of emergency cable repair works, staff wages and bonuses. 

Annual costs are described above. It is necessary to introduce a bonus system (e.g. 2-4 percent                
of income) to motivate the employees. 

10. The cost of construction, the structure of capital investments, provided for in the             

design estimates and estimated cost calculations, including construction and         

installation works, equipment costs, and other expenditures (Table 1). 

The total cost of the investment project (table 2). Estimated cost of the project is 520 mln. rub.                  
The construction period is 4 months. 

All equipment fits in the trunk of a jeep. Each unit is the size of a home DVD player. 

11.  Ensuring environmental and technical safety. 

It is stipulated in the construction technology of the equipment and in operational regulations for 

electrical installations up to 1000 Volts. 

 

Marketing plan 
1. Confirmation of absence of foreign analogues of products for category "A" projects, world level of 

production and demand for it in the foreign market for category "B" projects, substitution for imported 

positions in case of lower product prices for category "C" projects, demand for products in the 

domestic market for category "D" projects.  

Patent situation. Protection of the product in the country of the licensee in the domestic and 

export markets. The ability for competitors to produce relevant products without infringing the 

applicant's patent rights.  

End users. Finding out if the organization is a monopolist in the production of this product. The 

type of demand (uniformly-distributed or seasonal). Characteristics of the competitors. Features of the 

market segment to which the project is oriented, the most important trends and expected changes. 

What properties of the products or additional services make the project preferable to competitors'.  

There is demand for services due to the constant growth of data traffic described in the first 

part of this business plan and it is maintained at the level by the highly specialized players in the 

service market, which, when reaching the payback point and positive profit, seek to stop the 

competing offer at a price, losing attractiveness.  

Using the latest equipment-OUT-4 chips of the latest 3rd generation allows us to reduce 

equipment costs in the part of 3 R nodes.  

22 
 



Demand for services slightly decreases in summer, which allows us to upgrade the network. 

2. Sales organization. Give a description of the sales system with the indication of the firms                

involved in the sale of the product.  

The main consumers are concentrated at the traffic distribution points and do not require              

significant switching costs. Regional data centres are ready to accept most of the traffic.  

3. Justification of the volume of investment related to the sale of products (Table 2). Trade and                 

marketing costs.  

Trade and marketing costs are planned to ensure a profit margin for large wholesale              

consumers, such as regional data centres and organizations providing traffic to social networks.  

4. What possible actions of the competitors need to be anticipated and what are the main                

elements of the counteraction strategy.  

When switching to a new operator, a consumer can request a price reduction from the previous                

operator. But as a rule operators are reluctant to do so because finally they have to reduce the tariff                   

for all other customers. We are planning not to allow mass, simultaneous switching from third-party               

operators. First inclusions are going to be carried out under the pretext of reserving existing channels.  

5. Justification of the price of products (Table 4).  

The wholesale price of the goods is determined on the basis of the current situation on the                 

domestic and foreign markets, as well as the level of profitability sufficient to maintain the stable                

financial condition and solvency of the organization.  

6. Costs and revenues in the case of after-sales service are not required  

7. Advertising program. Approximate amount of expenditures.  

The main channel market is not massive and does not require a massively expensive advertising               

campaign. Basically it involves the participation in highly specialized seminars, forums and exhibitions  

Commercial on the national television is necessary for SIM cards sales and the expenditures              

come to 5% of the revenue. 

8. Marketing of the products.  

Revenues from total sales and for particular goods are calculated in accordance with the data               

on the volume of production by quarters and years, the level and timing of the development of design                  

capacity and prices as well. Contracts or protocols of intentions for the sale of goods at the proposed                  

prices are agreed upon and are at the signing stage. Signing agreements ahead of schedule can                

provoke a price reduction initiated by the existing players.  

Organizational plan 
1. Information about the applicant. Status, authorized capital, composition of the organization,            

financial position. 

Calculations of the coefficients for assessing the structure of the applicant's balance sheet: current              

liquidity, provision with own funds and their ratio to the amount of borrowed funds as a part of the                   

project financing, restoration (loss) of solvency in accordance with the Resolution of the Government              

of the Russian Federation of May 20, No. 498 "On some measures to implement the insolvency                

(bankruptcy) laws of enterprises" (Collected Legislation of the Russian Federation, 1994, No. 5, Article              

490). The methodology for calculating the coefficients is set out in Appendix No. 1 to the specified                 

resolution of the Government of the Russian Federation and the Methodological Provisions for             

23 
 



Assessing the Financial Condition of Enterprises and the Establishment of a Weak Balance Sheet              

Structure approved by the Federal Office for Insolvency (Bankruptcy) Affairs of the State Committee of               

the Russian Federation for State Property Management dated August 12 1994 No. 31-r. 

The company "Information backbone" LLC was created to implement the project of the             
backbone communication line, tested over the last 10 years, on the Moscow-Yekaterinburg section with              
the existing stable income of 500 million rubles per year: www.infomagistral.com/35d.zip 

But the Moscow-Krasnodar section is more promising, as the Krasnodar Territory has the             
maximum population of all Russian regions and there are no main competitors in this business. 

2. The form of ownership of the applicant. Partnerships require specification of the terms of               

establishment and partnership; for joint-stock companies - the composition of major shareholders            

and their shares. 

Private 

3. For open joint-stock companies, the volume of shares issued and the volume of their issue shall be                  

indicated. 

Stockization after 3 years of work is provided. 

4. Members of the Board of Directors, short biographical notes. 

The sole executive body, Director General, has 25 years of experience in setting up and               
operating telecommunications companies, including 8 years of work on the establishment of the             
backbone provider "Severnoye Volokno" ("Nothern Fibre"). 

5. The holder of the right to sign financial documents. 

Sole executive body. 

6. Distribution of responsibilities among members of the management team. 

Sole executive body. 

7. Support of the project by the local administration. 

Acquired 

 

 

The planned results of one of the six sections - the first section (Moscow-Krasnodar) of the 
network  
 

Payback period, years 2 

EBITDA for the 6​th​ year, mln.$ 7 

to conduct an IPO, mln.$ 34 

 
The financial plan of one of the six sections - the first section ( Moscow-Krasnodar) of the 

network 

24 
 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

25 
 



 

 

 

 

26 
 



 

 

27 
 



 

28 
 



29 
 



 

30 
 



 

 

31 
 



Annex 1 

(the threat of backbone network shortage) 

The multimedia component of broadcast traffic has a growth potential of 4 times in 2017-2020 due to 

mass production of UltraHD (4K) consumer equipment due to mass production of specialized chips in 

2016. 

Today when Internet users sign contracts for 100Mbit/s bandwidth of traffic with the provider, they 

really get only 10Mbit/s. While you need a bandwidth of at least 44Mbit/s for each device to watch 

streaming video. 

Today, 1-2% of the population use Smart TVs and tablets to watch video on the Internet. In the next 

4-5 years  this number of users will grow tens of times due to the growing up of a more informationally 

and technologically literate generation. Thus it will be required to increase the bandwidth by 4-5 times 

to ensure the work of the new 4K protocols. But who will provide the growth of traffic transmission by 

50 times?! Only now Rostelecom has realized this fact and is planning an increase up to 10Mbit/s (with 

a real 1-2 Mbps) for its users. Rostelecom has received a loan of 20mlrd. rubles in order to raise the 

bandwidth of its backbone from 800 to 2000 Gbit/s (from 0.8 to 2 Terabytes/s).  At the same time 

watching 4K videos requires 5 times more, i.e. for Rostelecom (with its share of 25% in the market) 

subscribers only - 10 000Gbit/s (10Tb/s. Thus Russia will be able to consume 40 Tb/s bandwidth in all 

directions from Moscow by 2020. 

Therefore, the plans to have a system of at least 4 Tbit/s by 2020  cover only 10% of the country's 

needs. 

 

 

(the actual speed of a subscriber with the contract for 100MB \ s)  

32 
 



ICO 
Since the beneficiaries of the project are, in fact, the majority of the world, particularly Russia,                

Europe and China, it was decided to finance its construction through ICO (Initial Coin Offering) or the                 

sale of tokens as it is very technological, fast and unencumbered by excessive barriers to attract                

investment from around the world. 

ICO calendar 
• August 7, 2017 - Pre-ICO 

• September 7, 2017 - ICO 

• October 7, 2017 - completion of the sale 

• November 7, 2017 - utilization of investments 

Characteristics of the token 
Product Name: Tele2-Teleport 

Exchange ticker: TELE2 

Issued amount: 100,000,000 units 

Additional issue: not provided 

Severability: up to 10,000 shares 

Block chain: Waves 

▪ Legal disclaimer 

TELE2 token is not a means of payment, cryptocurrency, security and is not subject to the law,                 

regulating the financial market, cash transactions, the securities market of a country, it is considered to                

be intangible property (asset) that is freely traded and purchased as property, and is exchanged for                

other material benefits under certain conditions described in this document. The buyer of the token               

(investor) is aware of the legal risks associated with ICO and is solely liable in the event of claims of                    

non-compliance with his country's legislation related to the purchase of such kind of tokens. The ICO                

organizer and the seller of the tokens disclaims any responsibility for the decision to purchase the                

token and is not liable for any losses or other damages caused to the buyer at or after the purchase                    

(investment). The investor is aware that the purchase (investment) of the tokens traded under ICO is a                 

high-risk investment and the investor can incur losses up to the total loss of the invested funds. The                  

ICO organizer and the token seller reserves the right to collect information identifying the investor               

before sending him the purchased token. The token buyer (investor) is fully responsible for keeping               

passwords and private keys to the token storage (wallet) on the blockchain. The ICO organizer and the                 

token seller and the buyer (investor) of the tokens have agreed that the buyer's address for sending                 

the tokens belongs to the buyer and is fully accessible. The buyer has no right to claim for the absence                    

of the tokens sent to this address by the ICO Organizer and the seller, If the transactions are confirmed                   

on the blockchain 

 

 

Interested audience 
1. Physical and legal persons wishing to receive income from investments in monetary terms; 

33 
 



2. Individuals wishing to receive a profitable offer of unlimited Internet traffic in the mobile               

communications market first; 

3. Legal entities engaged in sales of SIM-cards at sales points, wishing to offer a profitable                

unlimited Internet traffic, which is not available from competitors; 

4. Legal persons communication operators that provide Internet connection services or use a             

high-speed Internet channel, wishing to expand their channel and the speed of data transfer and make                

a profitable offer to their customers; 

5. Foreign telecom operators wishing to reduce the data transfer path and direct the flow of                

data through Russia from China to Europe and vice versa. 

Function of the token. What the investor receives. 

The token bought by the investor after the construction project can be exchanged in three ways: 

1. During the repurchase with a coefficient of 2.5 in a calendar year after the completion of the ICO - a 

simple return on investment in monetary terms. 

2. To exchange a token for a mobile SIM-card with prepaid mobile Internet traffic throughout Russia 

for 2 months, at the rate of 1 token = 1 SIM-card - getting a working profitable mobile product by 

users/physical persons; Receiving a large number of SIM-cards for further resale at sales points to 

customers. 

3. Exchange for the purchase of 10 Gbit/s Internet traffic by telecom operators and other legal entities 

at the rate of 1000 tokens = 10 Gb/s 1500 km for a month using the communication channel - 

obtaining a cheap communication channel for companies that provide communication services to the 

public and legal entities. 

How to get tokens 
There are 4 options for obtaining the tokens: 

1. During the Pre-ICO with a bonus of 25% - by direct contact with the ICO organizer, or through the 

contact form of the project site; 

2. During the sale (crowd sale) - by registration of a personal account as an investor and making a 

payment for the desired number of tokens. 

3. After the completion of ICO - unsold tokens, directly from the ICO organizer. 

4. Create a warrant for the purchase on the Waves Platform and others, where the token will be 

placed, and purchase at a market price from market participants. 

34 
 



Special offers 
During the ICO, the first investors are planned to be encouraged. They will get extra (“bonus”) tokens, 

the number of which depends on the date of purchase: 

• 1st day - 25% 

• Week 1 - 20% 

• Week 2 - 15% 

• Week 3 - 10% 

• Week 4 - 5% 

• Week 5 - 0% 

*of the number of purchased tokens. 

 

Distribution of proceeds from the sale of tokens 
• 80% - investments in the construction and purchase of equipment; 

• 10% - operating expenses; 

• 10% - remuneration to the project team. 

 

ICO project team 

 

Sergey Sorogin - the founder of the project, responsible for the           
organization of construction of the backbone. CEO. 

 

Dmitriy Plotnikov - RTCom supply and adjustment of the equipment. 
 

 

Vladimir Doroshev - the chief engineer of the project. 

35 
 



 

Slavik Begshteyn – DWDM engineer. 

 

VALENTIN STEPANENKO 

Commercial director, built optic channel in Khanty-Mansiysk region. 
 

 

YOCHAI SHEETRIT 

Main developer of DWDM equipment. 
 

 

Nikolay Pavlovich Kaledin – Technical Director of MTS OJSC         
in the Tyumen region. (Mobile TeleSystems) 
knp@tyumen.mts.ru 

36 
 



 

 

 

   Andrey Volhin -  Deputy Director of planning department 
Rostelecom Ural branch. 

 
 

 

Sergey Anisimovich Sushko – Leading Specialist of the         
Federal Service for Supervision of Communications, Information       
Technology, and Mass Media in the Tyumen Region. 1990-2011. 
ehant@mail.ru 

 
 

Alexey Tyumentsev - a partner in the technical implementation of          
ICO, legal and tax issues advisor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 

Egor Shoba - Back-End and Blockchain developer 
 

37 
 



 
 

Anton Zolotov - Front-End developer, designer 
 

 

38 
 


