








































Microsoft Word - Ties.Network WP v.2.5.docx


 

1 

  
Dmitry Kochin1, Alexander Neymark2 

April, 2017 

 

 
1. Introduction 3 

1.1 Abstract 3 
1.2. What is Ties.Network? 3 

1.2.1 Key abilities of the platform 4 
1.2.2 The concept of a public noSql database 4 

2. Applications 6 
2.1 Business contracts 6 

2.1.1 Making connections 6 
2.2 Starting a new project 6 
2.3 The expert community 7 
2.4 What Ties.Network can do for you: 7 

3. Ties.Network Aspects 8 
3.1 Definitions 8 

3.1.1 Profile 8 
3.1.1.1 Your profile 8 

3.1.2 Deals 8 
3.1.2.1 Invoice 8 
3.1.2.2 Escrow and disputes 9 
3.1.2.3 Cryptocurrency trade with TIE tokens 9 

3.1.3 Search results 9 

                                                
1 linkedin.com/in/kochin 
2 linkedin.com/in/neymark 



 

2 

3.1.4 Project 9 
3.1.4.1 Basic attributes of a project: 9 

3.2 Work process example 9 
3.3 Economics 10 

3.3.1 Platform revenue sources 10 
3.3.2 Revenue sources for nodes 10 

4. Ties.Network architecture 11 
4.1 Architecture features 11 
4.2 Architecture layers 12 
4.3 Data storage 12 
4.4 Ties.DB 13 

4.4.1 Ties.DB: Overview 13 
4.4.2 Ties.DB: Data organization principles 14 
4.4.3 Ties.DB Incentive System 14 
4.4.4 Reward for data extraction 15 
4.4.5 Reward for data storage 15 
4.4.6 Ties.DB: Full-text search 16 
4.4.7 Conclusion 16 

4.5 Cjdns and Hyperboria network 16 
4.6 Client 18 
4.7 Chats 18 
4.8 Node and client interaction schematic 19 
4.9 Determination factors for the solutions used 19 

4.9.1 Byzantine Generals’ Problem 19 
4.9.2 Blockchain as a database 20 
4.9.3 IPFS 21 
4.9.4 Decentralized cloud file storages 21 
4.9.5 Distributed databases overview 22 
4.9.6 BigChainDB 23 
4.9.7 Conclusion 23 

5. Self-organization and motivation 24 
5.1 Platform revenue sources 24 
5.2 Platform roles 24 
5.3 Referral system 25 

6. TIE tokens 26 
6.1 Operations with TIE tokens 26 

7. Conclusion 27 

8. References 28 



 

3 

1. Introduction 

1.1 Abstract 
Modern technologies allow us to rediscover the issues of decentralization and freedom for millions of 

people. The surge of interest in cryptocurrencies and decentralized economy is a direct proof of people's 
disappointment in the classical system of commodity-money relations and professional networking, and 
their attempt to escape into the counter-economy. 

This document presents the Ties.Network project - a new  business platform for  crypto-
community with integrated deals based on smart-contracts and an irrefutable reputation system 
based on previous deals. It is a distributed business platform that allows traders, investors, developers, 
consultants and enthusiasts to find business partners, offer their services, close deals based on smart 
contracts, hire staff, advertise their own services in a comfortable and secure environment, and also finance 
projects (individually or as a part of a particular community). The platform allows you to get maximum 
exposure to the crypto-community through a system of ratings and reviews. It also allows you to act 
anonymously while keeping transactions with other community members safe. 

Ties.Network satisfies the need of crypto-community to connect and the need to secure P2P business 
transactions in a new counter-economy. Today the community is fragmented and connections are fragile for 
two reasons. It’s still a new market (though it’s growing rapidly), and because it is so new, it is hard to find 
professionals one can immediately trust and strike a deal with. Ties.Network aims at resolving the issue 
of trust for crypto-community on a fundamental level by giving people opportunities to find each 
other and do business in a new, yet safe environment in accordance with the principles of 
decentralized economy.  

The platform utilizes a system of ‘geniune rating’, which means only those, who actually did business 
with a user have a right to rate them as professionals - thus basing their reviews on real successful 
business transactions, and not assumptions or marketing information. This means that reviews can not be 
fake, and that the platform will become a credible, solid source of information about viable blockchain-
related projects globally, decentralized technologies, real due diligence reports on upcoming token 
generation events, and will give voice to real blockchain experts who have a track record of successful 
deals. 

Using Ties.Network people can connect and strike business deals via smart-contracts, launch 
projects, promote their businesses, find projects to invest in, and groups to join. Additionally, such platform 
would help in recruiting collaborators, posting jobs as well as CVs with all parties profiting from these 
features.  

Currently, there is no platform providing this array of services. It is time to introduce a large scale public 
network based on blockchain technology that would include a decentralized ledger for business and social 
networking purposes. This will allow the crypto-community to have access to a single, universal and public 
platform that allows cooperation and gives opportunities to discuss and strike business deals in the same 
environment.  

1.2. What is Ties.Network? 
As a business tool Ties.Network is a decentralized social platform where business professionals 

can connect and strike business deals via smart-contracts in no time. The platform uses a trustworthy 
rating system, thus making sure all participants can focus solely on business and benefits of beneficial 



 

4 

relationships, and leave the verification and trust issues to the platform’s integrated solutions.  

As an IT product, Ties.Network is based on Ties.DB – a public, decentralized, and distributed 
noSQL database that allows to store huge amounts of dynamic data, and search within the content of the 
files. Ties.DB is a public, open-source solution that can be utilized by other dApps and decentralized 
blockchain-related projects to facilitate their entering the market and structure large amounts of data. 

Ties.Network is a business platform for the crypto-community with integrated deals based on smart-
contracts and a reputation systems based on previous deals. It is a decentralized platform for traders, 
investors, developers, consultants and enthusiasts that allows to find and hire rated partners, employees and 
volunteers, sell their products or services, secure business deals via smart contracts, promote themselves, 
and finance their projects, among other items. People can work individually or as teams to accomplish their 
objectives.  

Free rating and reviews (“crowdsourcing”) give each participant maximum PR opportunities, while also 
giving them the option of anonymity. In all cases, all transactions are 100% safe and secure.  

At registration, each user receives a default rating based on objective observations of user activity in the 
crypto-community and based on provided documents. The community will modify this rating based on the 
review of the deals that have already been processed on the platform though impartial and decentralized 
voting.  

1.2.1 Key abilities of the platform 
Ties.Network (see chapter 3) integration of smart contracts into a business platform lets its users do the 

following: 

● Trade goods and services 
● Trade cryptocurrencies 
● Hire and recruit specialists 
● Participate in token generation events and blockchain projects 
● Receive feedback for startups or token generation events 
● Promote token generation events and network with startups  

1.2.2 The concept of a public noSql database 
For the last few years the blockchain community has been rapidly growing. Today blockchain not only 

gives people the opportunity to make safe financial transactions, but also provides a broad range of other 
services. Smart contracts have become a big breakthrough in this field. Smart contract is a program that is 
executed in the blockchain core allowing flexible custom processing of each transaction. Smart contracts in 
Ethereum [2] are Turing-complete and allow programming algorithms of any complexity. 

That is why Ethereum has created a new market of decentralized applications – applications that are 
running directly on the blockchain inheriting its distribution, decentralization and security as well. However, 
this market growth is restrained by the absence of an appropriate public data storage. Serious 
applications require large and fast data storage and should be able to perform complex search within the 
files. We faced it ourselves while designing the architecture of Ties.Network. 

There are some implementations of decentralized data storages such as IPFS (4.9.3), cloud file 
storages (4.9.4) or special blockchains (4.9.6). But all of them have significant disadvantage - they do not 
allow complex search within the stored data. There are also distributed databases (4.9.5), and they have all 
the required features except the main one - Byzantine Proof Tolerance (4.9.1). So they can not be used in 
public untrusted environment. 



 

5 

The Byzantine problem is an experiment meant to illustrate the pitfalls and design challenges of 
attempting to coordinate an action by communicating over an unreliable link, where failures of 
communication are possible. With that in mind, Ties.Network programmers developed a resilient public 
decentralized noSql database, Ties.DB, that can be built in any blockchain with smart contracts; it 
supports replication, sharding, secondary indexes, full-text search and allows users to modify and 
delete data. The database is public in the sense that anyone can establish a Ties.DB node and participate 
in the network processing user transactions and earn money from this. Equally, anyone can use it for 
storing data. 

At the same time, Ties.DB maintains the same powerful processing system and speed that you 
find in private (intra-corporate) noSql databases. Since Ties.DB can be made compatible with any 
blockchain that supports Turing-complete smart contracts, members can use it to perform transactions on 
any platform. Learn more here (chapter 4.4). 

 

  



 

6 

2. Applications 

2.1 Business contracts 
Ties.Network can be used to make the following business contracts (inside or outside of the crypto-

community): 

● Outsourcing jobs  (e.g., programming, white paper submission, translation, design, advisorship etc.), 
where terms and conditions are regulated by smart contract automation. 

● Engaging in freelancing, temporary or contract work, where smart contracts regulate project terms 
and details. 

● Obtaining feedback from experts on the platform. 

2.1.1 Making connections 
1. The user uses keywords to find profiles of potential employers or business connections. 
2. Both parties discuss and negotiate the deal. 
3. The user finalizes the deal by depositing the agreed-upon number of tokens in the smart contract 

wallet, which acts as guarantor of the deal. If either party reneges, tokens are returned. 
4. After the service or trade has been performed, the smart contract wallet deposits the tokens to the 

recipient (or client) as contracted. 
5. System moderators act as per-diem arbitrators and use the contract terms to settle disputes, when 

and if necessary. 
 

Moderators (chapter 5) are rewarded by the company since they need a financial incentive to regulate 
the blockchain ledger and supervise its dealings. 

2.2 Starting a new project 
Any user can upload their project, organization details or profile on Ties.Network. The platform can be 

used to recruit members of the project team, to create a project wallet to pay team members, or to receive 
donations. Additionally, users can negotiate terms of the deal and share documents and photos to 
members of the community 

Users can add the following information to the profile of the project: 

● the project head’s resume and their biographical summary 
● their contact information 
● links to their website and/or blog 
● information on past employment, books published, past projects, portfolio, etc.  

 

You can also use the platform to share your project with selected individuals or organizations and block 
those you wish to exclude. When you start your own project, you can invite your own team members, set up 
a wallet for the project to pay relevant participants and receive donations, and share documents and photos 
to the members of your community (or to the public) among other items. 

Ties.Network uses a smart-contract automated platform, based on Ethereum, where transactions are 
encoded on its ledger, and where conditions are automatically executed once contract terms are met. Users 
use this function for investing, voting, fundraising, and crowdfunding. 



 

7 

2.3 The expert community 
The platform vets all parties, records and authenticates all transactions that use the platform, rejecting 

illegitimate or questionable data. Expert members of Ties.Network can also be requested to provide  
feedback on your project or enterprise, if you want them to. 

The level of anonymity is optional to the users. The option to remain anonymous makes it a safe 
environment for anyone to warn investors of funding a scam, to warn participants of illegitimate 
organizations, to caution someone against hiring a certain contractor or accepting a certain job. The expert 
community can use this platform to provide professional feedback regarding issues discussed on the 
platform or point out the limitations, or deficiencies, of any particular transaction.  

2.4 What Ties.Network can do for you: 
1. Help you engage in economic trade with entities from any country. 
2. Provide a real-time transparent platform for conducting trade. Benefits include: rating businesses, 

smart contracts technology,  locked-in funds that are only released when the contract is fulfilled. 
3. Provide security: all transactions can be witnessed and monitored by qualified experts who intervene 

to resolve conflicts should you wish so. 
4. Provide you with an extensive network of highly-professional members of crypto-community, 

connected to the blockchain industry, crypto economics, and IT. 
5. Give you a flexible platform to expand your network of professional connections and search for 

specialists in completely different areas  
6. Give transparency to the outsourcing process. 
7. Give openness and scalability with a technically unlimited basic protocol that can handle a growing 

amount of storage, and has the potential to be enlarged to accommodate membership growth. 
 

 
  



 

8 

3. Ties.Network Aspects 

3.1 Definitions 

3.1.1 Profile 
The profile serves as a single entry point for the user to the community. Registration denotes 

agreement with community rules and is completed by opening a wallet that contains TIE currency 
(Ties.Network platform tokens) (chapter 6). 

The keys to the wallet are attached to user’s profile. There is an option to use/restore the wallet from 
multiple devices. When filling out the profile, the user allocates the degree of anonymity that he or she 
wants. Even if the user selects total anonymity, platform mediators can still investigate and regulate user 
conduct (through geography, personal data, photos containing personal information, stylistics, spelling and 
punctuation of texts, etc.) to maintain platform trust. Further, the platform gives a user a crowd-sourced 
rating, implements a review system and allows advertisers to place and manage ads. 

3.1.1.1 Your profile 
Your profile is a page that describes your career history, education, and other related content that you 

may want to publish. 

The user information includes: 

● Name and surname 
● Date of birth 
● Contact information 
● Current occupation or position  
● A professional headshot 
● Skills and experiences 
● Business ads 
● Keywords to be included in the search 
● A rating and review form (which can be filled out by other users based on previous business 

transactions), as well as advertising form for their goods and services. 
● Chat – This refers to communication between the users in real-time. All messaging history in the 

chats is stored client-side (mobile/desktop) and encrypted using an end-to-end protocol. The content 
of the chats (photos, videos, files) is also encrypted and stored in the same manner.  

3.1.2 Deals  
This refers to an agreement that two or more parties enter for their mutual benefit onTies.Network. In 

our case, a “deal” denotes the economic exchange of TIE tokens for some products, goods, services or 
currencies of any form. It also implies investing in startups, projects and participating in token generation 
events. 

3.1.2.1 Invoice  
A list of goods sent or services provided, with a statement of the sum due for these. In reference to 

Ties.Network: 

- A user named A contracts a deal with party B to complete a job or a service. B then presents A with 



 

9 

a form that proves the job/service was completed and requests payment. 
- A accepts the invoice and pays B with TIE currency. 

3.1.2.2 Escrow and disputes 
Payment is transferred to a smart contract escrow, which is only released when the results of the 

transaction are accepted by all parties involved. When and only if necessary, Ties.Network arbitrators 
would intervene to resolve disputes (for further information see further “Self-organization and motivation”). 

3.1.2.3 Cryptocurrency trade with TIE tokens 
The essence of the platform indicates trade and exchange, give and take, and purchase and sale with 

TIE tokens. 

3.1.3 Search results 
Users can search profiles of wanted employers, services, organizations, individuals, and the like. The 

search results are presented as a list with filters (e.g., individuals, projects, connections, ratings). 

3.1.4 Project 
A project on Ties.Network is an instrument for users’ collaboration within a certain industry allowing 

users to discuss/share their ideas, make P2P financial transactions between the project team members and 
collect finance from other users of the platform.  

3.1.4.1 Basic attributes of a project:  
- The existence of a project owner (public or anonymous). 
- The existence of a project moderator (role within the project). 
- The existence of multiple signature owners of  the project wallet. 
- The existence of a solid idea and a project description. 
- Possibility of creating a short name for the project to promote it outside the network. 
- Possibility of creating public and private projects. 
- Possibility of creating temporary or permanent projects. 
- Possibility of publishing project materials (photos, videos, documents, text, comments). 
- Possibility of discussing project materials. 
- Possibility of shutting down the project. 
- Possibility of adding new people to the project and creating a channel for entry. 
- Instruments of collaborative financing of the project (fund raising in the project’s wallet). 
- Possibility of creating derivatives for funding different parts of the project. 

3.2 Work process example  
1. Access to the platform is provided via a mobile client (Android, iOS, Windows Phone) as well as 

desktop versions of the platform for all main operating systems (Windows, MacOS, Linux).  
2. The registration process involves setting-up a wallet (personal or public with signatures) and an 

account (with or without personal data).  
3. The user chooses a certain industry/field and either creates a project or joins an existing one for 

discussion, participation or investment purposes. 
4. The platform helps find contacts or clients, conduct deals and issue invoices.  



 

10 

5. Users buy TIE (the token used for deals and invoices) through a simplified registration process. 
6. TIE wallets are available for instant P2P transactions using Internet payments or for paying in 

person (using NFC or QR codes).  
7. TIE can be traded for other cryptocurrencies on the platform’s exchange or an outside exchange.  

3.3 Economics 
Ties.Network platform does not take a commission from money received from goods or services, nor 

does it take a share of any project. Instead, Ties.Network imposes taxes and commissions on services to 
repay moderators and maintain its service. 

3.3.1 Platform revenue sources  
Ties.Network gains its revenue from the following proceeds: 

- Premium accounts 
- Escrow fee    

      

Premium accounts provide users with higher visibility compared to other users. Such promotion will help get 
new and relevant connections faster, that will also help user build personal rating quicker.   

Premium accounts are charged based on monthly subscription. User can turn subscription on/off at any 
time.  

         

Escrow will allow users to have guarantees upon completion of a certain contract. Escrow can be provided 
to any user (both Premium and non-Premium). Each contract can be protected by one Escrow. Escrow 
cannot cover more than one contract.  

       

Each of these proceeds will be used to pay moderators and ensure optimum platform efficacy (for further 
information see “self-organization and motivation”). 

 

3.3.2 Revenue sources for nodes 
Ties.DB gains its revenue from the following sources: 

- Storing content on the node server 
- Retrieving content from the node server 

 
When the user places the content in the database on the node server, he or she pays the node's 

service fee for storing and processing content. The system does not only motivate node owners to utilize 
the process, but also prevents attackers from littering the database. Later the platform refunds user 
expenses in case users show no signs of malicious activity and there is no collusion between the participant 
and the node (for further information see further “Self-organization and motivation”). User costs for storage 
as well as for content retrieval come from the platform budget.  



 

11 

4. Ties.Network architecture 

4.1 Architecture features 

 
Fig. High level overview of the platform architecture 

 

Ties.Network, as a platform suitable for striking business deals, conforms to the following requirements: 

  

1. Decentralization. The Ties.Network platform represents a decentralized network of servers 
(nodes). Client applications connect to nodes within the network. At the heart of each TiNode is the 
blockchain that fosters decentralization. At the moment, various blockchain versions can be used for 
Ties.Network. Ethereum [2] will be used for the initial stage but we can transfer to another 
blockchain with smart contracts, for example, RChain [3], if necessary, to meet network growth and 
other requirements such as scaling and speed, if Ethereum cannot address scalability issues. 

 
2. Stability. The platform is resistant to malicious activity of the participants (stability to Sybil attacks, 

the Byzantine Generals Problem, etc.). Blockchain intrinsically resists the malicious behavior of 
individual network members. However, if there is something else besides the blockchain in the 
system, additional efforts are required to ensure sustainability. We will return to this issue when we 
consider data storage (chapter 4.4). 

 
3. Anonymity of individual servers and users, as well as privacy of communications between servers 

and users. Traditionally, IP masking and traffic encryption methods such as TOR [4] or I2P [5] have 
been used to provide anonymity and privacy for both platform clients and individual nodes by hiding 
their IP address. However, these methods are too slow and server-synchronized data require far 
more powerful speed processing. To resolve the issue, we use a Hyperboria mesh network [6] that 

This image cannot currently be displayed.



 

12 

uses the cjdns protocol [7].  
 
4. Storage of data. The ability to store data and conduct a search through a large amount of 

structured data.  
 
5. Scalability. The capability of the platform to handle a growing amount of work in order to 

accommodate member growth. 
 
6. Open-source. All platform components have open-source code and are published with an open 

license. 
 
7. Publicity. Anyone can join the network support system by installing the open software of the 

system.  
 
8. Profitability. Users can profit from the platform. 
 
9. Speed. The platform includes fast processing to achieve real-time computation and overcome the 

lag caused by current cloud-based models. 
 
10. Expansion possibilities. The platform supports third-party applications (dapps) and provides a new 

model for building successful and massively scalable applications.  

4.2 Architecture layers 
At high-level we can distinguish the following layers of the platform. 

1. TiClient - client application 
2. Ties.DB - public decentralized database 
3. Smart contracts 
4. Blockchain 
5. Hyperboria Network 

Users interact with Ties.Network with client application TiClient. TiClient connects to Ties.DB and 
blockchain. Ties.DB is used to store and retrieve user data. TiClient and Ties.DB use smart contracts on 
blockchain for financial transactions and to ensure stability of critical operations. All the nodes are 
connected through Hyperboria network to provide speed, anonymity and end-to-end encryption of all 
communications. 

4.3 Data storage 
Ties.Network deals with a large amount of data, so we must choose the right place to store it. The 

distributed data repository should be made available for applications running on top of the blockchain with 
the following qualities: 

1. Distribution 

2. Publicity 

3. Resistance to the Byzantine Generals’ Problem and other forms of attacks in a public network  

4. Sharding support (the ability to replicate only a part of the data on each node in order to increase 
data storage capacity)  



 

13 

5. Speed 

6. Ability to store structured data 

7. Ability to delete data 

 

The problem is that there is no implementation currently available that meets all these 
requirements. There are some decentralized file storages but they have drawbacks. The main one is that 
no solution provides tools for searching the files by their content, which is critical for most applications. We 
will overview current solutions in chapter 4.9 and underline their limitations. And in the next chapter we are 
presenting our own universal solution for decentralized structured data storage - Ties.DB. 

4.4 Ties.DB 

4.4.1 Ties.DB: Overview 
There are many implementations of distributed databases that meet all the above requirements except 

one - Byzantine Fault Tolerance (see 4.9.5). Therefore, they can not be public. So we propose Ties.DB, 
which brings BFT to noSQL distributed databases and preserves their other qualities. 

Ties.DB is a new-generation decentralized database with the following innovative interfaces:  

1. Distribution 
Ties.DB supports an unlimited number of replicas, each of which can be a coordinator (see 4.4.4). 
By requesting any one of them, the user gets access to all data.  

2. Publicity 
Ties.DB is created for operation in the public sphere. New nodes can be added to the network and 
will take on part of the load at any time.  

3. Resistance to the Byzantine Generals’ Problem and other types of attacks in a public network 
All data placed in Ties.DB is signed by owner (see 4.4.2), so nodes cannot arbitrarily change the 
data, nor can they corrupt data when replicating other nodes. Attempts to substitute are immediately 
detected through changes in the electronic signature. Any participant who does so, or attempts to do 
so, will be instantly removed from the network. External blockchain (for Ties.DB) is used for TIE 
deposits, setting access rights and mutual settlements between the nodes. 

4. Sharding support  
Each node is responsible for storing a certain range of primary data keys. Data replication has 
scalability, so it can grow with the network.  

5. Speed 
Due to the data storage principles (see 4.4.2), the read/write speed in Ties.DB will be almost 
identical to similar private databases, such as Apache Cassandra. 

6. Ability to store structured data 
Data stored on Ties.Network complements its platform. It can be a JSON document with a structure, 
which is useful for a particular applications. 

7. Ability to delete data 
Data deletion is supported in Ties.DB. Although instant data deletion cannot be guaranteed, data 
will be deleted if the nodes act non-maliciously. A malicious node can never delete the data however 
it can not store everything, since only certain primary key intervals can be forwarded to it. 

8. Query language with an ability to conduct search using more than the primary key  
We use secondary indexes similar to integration methods of ElasticSearch with Cassandra in the 



 

14 

Elassandra project, that allow secondary key search as well as a full-text search.  
 

In addition to the Ties.Network project, Ties.DB can also be used for other projects. It relies on a 
blockchain, which supports Turing-complete smart contracts. Therefore, it can be used for other distributed 
blockchains like Ethereum, RChain, and others. 

4.4.2 Ties.DB: Data organization principles 
Since the database needs to satisfy a wide range of blockchain applications, be flexible for rapid 

processing power, be resistant to the malicious behavior of other DB nodes, provide a sufficient level of 
replication, and have mechanisms to motivate participants to support the network, the DB is designed with 
the following properties: 

1. The database is public, the user (client) of the database is identified by its public key. The public key 
is the user ID. 

2. Each user can send transactions to the database. And each transaction must be signed by this user. 
3. The new owner-signed record is created by the user. 
4. Only the owner (or the user for whom the trust is installed through the permissions mechanism 

implemented as a smart contract on the blockchain) can change the record after creation. 
5. Everybody can read all the records. 
6. Every unique user identification code creates separate records. 
7. More complex permissions can be installed using a smart contract in the blockchain (for example, 

trust between specific users, rights to create or delete tables, etc.). 
8. All permissions must be checked for transactions and replications. 
 

The mandatory cryptographic signature of each record ensures that no record can be changed or 
removed by a malicious party without knowing the private key. Data storage remains resilient to the 
Byzantine Generals’ Problem attack, even without a consensus mechanism while speed remains the same 
as that of noSql databases. 

On the other hand, an attacker can generate a Sybil attack, where a single adversary controls multiple 
nodes on a network, as it is unknown to the network that the nodes are controlled by the same adversarial 
entity. We can solve this issue with  “motivation” or our incentive system. 

4.4.3 Ties.DB Incentive System 
A public network is a type of network where anyone has access and can connect to other networks or 

the Internet. Incentives are usually given to motivate participants and to encourage ethical participation. 

Ties.DB similar to Ethereum Swarm [26] offers the following incentives: 

● Reward for data extraction 
● Reward for data storage 
 

Rewards are allocated from the funds of the user who makes inquiries. Since payments through the 
blockchain are slow, two methods can be used for fast payments: off-chain transactions and 
“chequebooks.” In off-chain transactions, the user needs to create an off-chain channel with each node of 
the database, or use intermediate channels between nodes. Since such channel requires its own funding 
repository, such an approach can be very expensive, so the "chequebook" approach is preferred. Before 
accessing the database, the user deposits part of their funds in a smart contract - "chequebook", and funds 



 

15 

can be used as payment or reward.  

The chequebook contract assumes the following: 

● The contract monitors the total amount issued to each recipient at the time of the connection. 

● When sending a cheque, the owner must memorize the total amount sent to each recipient. 

 

A cheque is cashed if: 

● The address of the contract corresponds to the address on the cheque. 

● The cheque is signed by the owner (user ID - public key). 

● The total amount on the cheque is larger than the amount in the previous cheque given to the same 
recipient. 

 

Participants use “cheques” to reward nodes. The recipient node can only save the last received cheque 
from each user and he cashes it by depositing it in the "chequebook.” 

4.4.4 Reward for data extraction  
The data on the DB nodes has a certain level of replication. Specifically, the data with a specific key is 

stored only on a part of the nodes, for example, on N of them. However, the user can refer to any node for 
the data, which then acts as a "coordinator.” 

On a user request the coordinator determines these N nodes by the data keys and routes the request 
to them. The data returned by the nodes is checked by the coordinator for compliance with electronic 
signatures and compared to the timestamp, after which the most recent record is returned to the user. 

For this to work, the incentive has to fulfill the following conditions: 

1. Faster nodes receive more payment. 
2. Nodes that return old data would receive less payment. 
3. Delinquent nodes (that fail to return the data at all) receive no payment. 
4. The coordinator receives a fixed fee. 
 

The coordinator issues an invoice with the data, which includes information on the nodes used. Later, 
the user writes a cheque for each. Then, the coordinator sends the cheques to the nodes. It also sends the 
update of the data to nodes that failed to return valid data. 

To protect against malicious coordinators and delinquent users, each node maintains a list of users 
from which it expects payment. If the debt level exceeds a certain threshold, the node may stop accepting 
requests from these delinquent users and coordinators. And the lists are updated as cheques have been 
received. 

4.4.5 Reward for data storage 
The reward for extraction indirectly incentivizes storage of data but does so only for popular and often 

requested data. To encourage long-term data storage, especially if data are rarely requested, some sort of 
data storage incentive is needed. 

This piece on Ethereum Swarm [26] describes the system of rewards for storage. Nodes enter into a 
data storage contract with the information owner for a period of time. The storage can be paid at the time of 
data storage (update) or after a certain period of time provided that the data is actually stored. In the event 



 

16 

of a loss of data is detected during the duration of the contract, the node may be penalized, as each node 
requires an initial registration with a security deposit. 

When you store data, the node returns a receipt that proves that it has accepted the file for storage. 
This receipt then allows you to check the storage situation of the associated data and, if necessary, to 
initiate a legal smart contract to penalize the offending node. 

Since data is not static, a record with the same key can be rewritten several times. This means that not 
only can the original record correspond to the presented receipt, but a record with the same key that is 
newer to the timestamp can also correspond. 

When the user initiates a data deletion operation, instead of physically deleting data, the data is 
replaced with a special "zero" record. The record can be physically deleted after expiration of its storage 
contract. 

4.4.6 Ties.DB: Full-text search 
In simple noSql databases, a quick search with a small number of nodes is possible only with the 

primary key. A thorough keyword search is difficult to achieve without secondary indexes and full-text 
search capabilities. In this respect, Ties.DB differs from noSql databases. We suggest a solution similar to 
Elassandra [27], which uses the local full-text indexes of ElasticSearch [28] on each node of the distributed 
noSql Cassandra database. Full-text queries are sent by the coordinator (see 4.4.4) to all nodes, to be 
mixed and returned to the client. Since additional indexes are created locally and independently on each 
node, Byzantine Generals’ Problem is no longer a concern here. 

4.4.7 Conclusion 
Built according to the above principles Ties.DB solves the problem of fast public data storage for 

decentralized applications, which need to perform advanced searches on the stored data. This is a unique 
solution by the moment. Ties.DB is public and can be used by any decentralized application on Ethereum. 
In the future Ties.DB can be ported to any blockchain with Turing-complete smart contracts. 

4.5 Cjdns and Hyperboria network 
To solve anonymity and privacy requirement, we use Hyperboria network. Cjdns (Caleb James Delisle 

Network Suite) is a networking protocol and reference implementation, founded on the idea that networks 
should be easy to set up, protocols should scale smoothly, and security should be ubiquitous. Cjdns' project 
page boasts that it implements "an encrypted IPv6 network using public-key cryptography for address 
allocation and a distributed hash table for routing." Essentially, the application creates a tunnel interface on 
a host computer that acts as any other network interface and is powerful in that it allows any existing 
services you might want to face a network to run as long as that service is already compatible with IPv6.  

All traffic over Hyperboria is encrypted end-to-end, stopping eavesdroppers operating rogue nodes. 
Every node on the network receives a unique IPv6 address, which is derived from that node's public key 
after the public/private keypair is generated. This eliminates the need for additional encryption configuration 
and creates an environment with enough IP addresses for substantial network expansion. As the network 
grows in size, the quality of routing also improves. With more active nodes, the number of potential routes 
increases to both mitigate failure (think of “malicious generals”) and optimize the quickest path from sender 
to receiver. 

Overall, Cjdns is not anonymous, nor is it intended to be. Rather, users use pseudonyms to hide their 
identities. To better conceal your identity, you can periodically change pseudonyms to make it unclear 



 

17 

whether the requests come from one or several sources. 

Advantages of the Hyperboria mesh network: 

1. It is agnostic towards how the host connects to peers. Meaning, it doesn't matter much if the peer 
we need to connect to is over the Internet or at a physical access point. 

2. It is encrypted end-to-end, stopping eavesdroppers operating rogue nodes. 
3. Every node on the network receives a unique IPv6 address. This eliminates the need for additional 

encryption configuration and creates an environment with enough IP addresses for substantial 
network expansion. 

4. The IPv6 addresses assigned to the nodes are not related to their location, which makes it 
impossible to know the physical location of the IP node. 

5. High processing power. 
 

Disadvantages of the Hyperboria mesh network: 

1. The communicating nodes only know each other's IP, not those of other nodes with which they are 
not directly connected  to. 

2. Traffic is conducted via the shortest path, so all intermediate nodes know which nodes communicate 
but do not know what, and where they are. 

 

The first drawback can be circumvented by the following: 

1. A node connected to a network communicates with tunnels only with trusted nodes, if any exist. 
2. Hyperboria's own intermediate node is created, and the node is linked by the tunnel to the system. 

Instead of your own site, you can use a trusted one, if one exists. Ties.Network users can use this 
method to connect to the network. 

 

The second drawback can be reduced by altering the IPv6 identifier and the key pair of your own node. 
For intermediate nodes, passing traffic will look like it is coming from different nodes. 

Despite these drawbacks, Hyperboria is compatible for linking the Ties.Network nodes into a 
network, because it allows users to show their real IP address only to trusted nodes or to a trusted 
existing third-party Hyperboria node. In other words, the fact that any traffic on the network is 
automatically encrypted makes it unnecessary to connect nodes through direct tunnels. At the same time, 
the connection speed remains high, and the platform gives you the security to publish IPv6 node addresses 
for connecting clients and for load balancing. 

Users who want anonymity can benefit from additional connectivity to the nodes where some of the 
nodes are published as TOR Hidden Service and access to them is only achieved through TOR. For 
greater anonymity, you can use TOR with the VPN. Thus, the anonymity of the platform is realized by 
placing it in Hyperboria, and privacy is provided by mandatory encryption of all traffic, regardless of overlay 
services. Discerning clients can use TOR + VPN for connection with nodes. 

 



 

18 

This image cannot currently be displayed.

 

Fig. Anonymity and privacy 

4.6 Client 
Users interact with the system using the TiClient program. The client supplies the user interface, stores 

keys, interacts with the blockchain and TiNode nodes, as well as with other clients via chat protocols. 

4.7 Chats 
To sum things up, a chat software implementation is necessary for business communication and 

improved collaboration. In Ties.Network, a chat using end-to-end encryption, such as BitMessage, will be 
implemented, to connect network users.  



 

19 

This image cannot currently be displayed.

4.8 Node and client interaction schematic 

Fig. Node and client interaction schematic 

4.9 Determination factors for the solutions used 
In this chapter we consider the available technologies and justify our efforts to make a better approach 

to public decentralized data storage. While we do not use the solutions reviewed in this chapter we 
considered them thoroughly and found them inappropriate for being used in Ties.Network. Here we explain 
why. 

4.9.1 Byzantine Generals’ Problem 
Open-source-platforms engender certain challenges, first and foremost of which is the so-called 

Byzantine problem (or "The Byzantine Generals’ Problem") [1]. Reliable computer systems must handle 
malfunctioning components that give conflicting information to different parts of the system. This situation 
can be expressed abstractly in terms of a group of generals of the Byzantine army camped with their troops 
around an enemy city. Communicating only by messenger, the generals must agree upon a common battle 
plan. However, one or more of them may be traitors who will try to confuse the others. The problem is to 
find an algorithm to ensure that the loyal generals will reach agreement. 

The “Byzantine Generals’ Problem”, otherwise known as “Byzantine failures”, are considered the most 



 

20 

general and most difficult class of failures among the failure modes. The so-called fail-stop failure mode 
occupies the simplest end of the spectrum. Whereas fail-stop failure model simply means that the only way 
to fail is a node crash, detected by other nodes, Byzantine failures imply no restrictions, which means that 
the failed node can generate arbitrary data, pretending to be a correct one, which makes fault tolerance 
difficult. 

In this problem, several army factions surround a castle they hope to sack. A general leads each faction 
and one general is the lead general. Only a simultaneous attack ensures victory. Also, since the factions 
surround the castle, they are dispersed, making centralized command difficult. The generals must send 
messages between the factions to relay the attack time. However, some generals are traitors and will not 
obey the command or will relay the wrong attack time to the other generals. The generals do not know who 
is loyal and who is a traitor and there is no way to find out.  

Problem:  How can we ensure a coordinated attack to sack the castle? 

Implications 

In a distributed system, any inputs (messages) to the system (the agreed upon time of the attack) must 
be trusted. Digital networks usually have millions of members (the generals) who are dispersed globally and 
since there is no centralized command (no central governance), it is impossible for you to know each of the 
members. So how can you trust the other members of the network and ensure that the inputs to the 
distributed ledger are accurate and that the ledger, itself, has the correct information?  

The Ties.DB architecture solves this problem and regulates a successful “coordinated attack” 
by providing a decentralized, self-governing network that vets all incoming transactions and uses 
secure cryptography to sustain trust despite a lack of central governance (see 4.4.2 and onwards). 

4.9.2 Blockchain as a database 
The blockchain is already a distributed data repository. So why not to store data directly in blockchain? 

New implementations of blockchain, such as Ethereum, allow you to also store smart contracts, among 
other data. Smart contracts allow distributed applications (for example, dApps in Ethereum), which also 
store user information. Currently most of simple applications store all of their data in blockchain.  

However, blockchain as data storage has significant drawbacks: 

1. Blockchain is immutable. Everything stored in blockchain remains there forever and cannot be 
removed. This is a serious drawback given that most of the information of users` interaction is 
temporary and can be deleted later on. Eternal storage of information also works against anonymity. 

2. Data capacity is limited. Each node is a complete replica of other nodes. As a result a popular 
application may cause the rapid inflation of the blockchain in size on all the nodes simultaneously. 
At some point, the blockchain may become too large in size and exceed the capacity of mass-
produced hard disks. If this occurs, it would need an expensive equipment that could lead to 
unwanted centralization. 

3. It is slow. The throughput of the Ethereum blockchain, the most production-ready blockchain in the 
market, is just about 15 TPS. It is absolutely not enough for a popular decentralized application. 

4. Primitive key-value storage without ability to perform complex search within users’ data. 
Thus current blockchain implementations have several disadvantages making their use as a data 

storage ineffective. They are slow (a dozen transactions per seconds for a total network), have limited 
capacity due to excessive replication and immutability and are primitive in functionality (they are simple key-
value databases without ability to perform complex search). Therefore, blockchain does not meet the 
requirements for the decentralized data storage we are looking for. 



 

21 

4.9.3 IPFS 
IPFS [8] (InterPlanetary File System) is a distributed file system based on DHT [9] (Distributed Hash 

Table) and the BitTorrent protocol [10]. It uses content addressing to merge and integrate different file 
systems. 

Advantages: 
1. Devices only store needed files.  
2. There’s no need to trust peers, since addressing is done via the hash of contents. 
3. IPFS provides resistance to “flooding” (i.e., loading useless files into the network) by peers 

downloading only the necessary files. 
4. IPFS has a high transfer rate (thanks to BitTorrent). 
Disadvantages: 
1. IPFS only stores files (unstructured data, no content search). 
2. User can only leave the network once file distribution is complete. 
3. Other participants must be online to guarantee data storage.  
4. The files are static (i.e. unchangeable). 
5. IPFS does not delete files. 
Both IPFS-based social networks, AKASHA (Ethereum + IPFS)  [11] and the trading platform 

OpenBazaar [12], have all the disadvantages of the IPFS system, including storage limitations, and users 
are only able to leave the network once file distribution is complete. We don’t find IPFS suitable for our data 
storage and have to find better solution. 

4.9.4 Decentralized cloud file storages 
Such repositories allow you to merge individual devices into a common cloud storage, similar to 

Dropbox [13], but with lower costs. Owners of such services (also called "farmers"), provide a place to store 
other people's files for a certain cost. They use cryptographic proofs to measure certain data such as proof 
of storage or proof of retrievability. Both trader and “farmer” use cryptocurrency as a medium for trade. 
Such projects are mainly created with DHT technology and content addressing. Some entrepreneurs also 
use blockchain and smart contracts. 

The most prominent distributed storage protocols are Sia [14], Storj [15], Ethereum Swarm [16], 
MaidSAFE [17]. All of them are built using similar principles, while Ethereum Swarm is a decentralized 
platform for applications that also houses dApps. 

 

Advantages: 
1. Files are stored in the cloud and are available whether the owner is online or not. 
2. High transfer rate. 
3. Guaranteed storage security and file extraction. 
4. You can delete unwanted files. 
 

Disadvantages: 
1. Storage of files only (unstructured data, no complex search). 
2. Files are static. 
3. Storage is a paid option. 
Distributed file repositories are not suited well for storing structured dynamic information (such as user 

data of a social network) because their data search capacities are severely limited. For instance, in such 



 

22 

repositories, we are not able to search by keyword, by location, or by a specific publication of the user. 

4.9.5 Distributed databases overview  
The CAP theorem [18] makes it impossible to obtain the fully distributed database that would ensure 

consistency, availability, and partition tolerance. 

In our case, we need a distributed database resistant to partitioning but constantly available 
(Availability + Partition Tolerance + Eventual Consistency), because we need to quickly receive a 
response from the system on request. This limits our selection of near-noSQL databases, because ACID 
[19] SQL DBMSs primarily provide consistency. 

There are many implementations of distributed noSQL databases like MongoDB [20], Cassandra [21], 
RethinkDB [22] that are easy to use and configure in a cluster with replication and sharding. Replicas are 
incomplete, that is, they imply sharding, which is a type of database partitioning that separates very large 
databases the into smaller, faster, more easily managed data parts. 

 The client works with one of the replicas, and the data is automatically synchronized with the others. 
For load balancing, sharding can be used when part of the data is stored only on part of the replicas. 
Adding a new replica to the cluster scales the cluster, and some implementations (for example, Cassandra) 
allow the replica to automatically control part of the cluster work. 

NoSQL databases provide "eventual consistency,” that is, the system is eventually consistent. If no 
updates are made to a given data item for a “long enough” period of time, then, eventually, all reads to that 
item will return the same consistent value. 

NoSQL databases can store both a simple key-value, and maintain the internal structure of the value, 
as well as additional indexes. The most advanced ones also have basic transaction support and an SQL-
like query language (for example, Cassandra). 

In all of the above, this database class may seem ideal for use in a  blockchain. But if a malicious 
replica is added to such a cluster, which starts to tell other replicas in the cluster that all data needs to be 
deleted, the result will be docile deletion of the data with the remaining replicas and corruption of the 
database. Thus, the coordinated work of replicas is now possible only in a trusted environment (a cluster of 
such databases is not stable to the problem of Byzantine generals). If a maliciously working replica is 
placed in a cluster, it can cause the destruction of the entire cluster data. 

Advantages: 
1. High speed 
2. Linear speed and storage size scaling 
3. Resistance to unavailability of certain replicas 
Disadvantages: 
1. Trust factor – vulnerability to the Byzantine Generals’ Problem.  
So, distributed databases have the only disadvantage but still the essential one. So they can not be 

used in decentralized system without modification. 

Note, that Ties.DB brings Byzantine Proof Tolerance to noSQL database (see 4.4.2 and 
onwards). Due to special data organization and incentives mechanism Ties.Network does not need 
a consensus procedure, where nodes on the network share information about candidate 
transactions, because the user’s encrypted signature protects the information. That is, harmful nodes 
can not delete and change data on other nodes without showing noticeable impact. 



 

23 

4.9.6 BigChainDB 
The blockchain implementation, called BigChainDB [23], or IPDB (InterPlanetary DataBase) claims a 

powerful transaction speed (1 million per second) and enormous storage capacity (due to distributed 
storage with partial replication). BigChainDB gets these benefits through starting with a big data distributed 
database and then adding blockchain characteristics - decentralized control, immutability and the transfer of 
digital assets. 

Unfortunately, BigChainDB's architecture is fundamentally flawed in that each node has full rights to 
write to the common data store, which means that its system is vulnerable to the problem of Byzantine 
Generals’. In other words, all BigchainDB nodes connect to a single RethinkDB cluster. If something bad 
happens to that RethinkDB cluster, all other nodes on that blockchain fall because they lack an independent 
storage. The authors of this project know about it, promising to think about this later [24]. However, fixing 
the fundamental flaws in the underlying architecture after the release of the product is very laborious and 
often impossible, as this can lead to a significantly different product with a different architecture. Such an 
easy approach to the fundamental problem causes criticism from the project community [25], since the high 
speed and mass characteristics of BigChainDB, demonstrated in the absence of BFT (Byzantine fault 
tolerance), are in fact those demonstrated by the RethinkDB and MongoDB databases used for data 
storage. But since you still need complete trust between the nodes, why not use the specified databases 
directly? 

Our summary of the BigChainDB is the following: 

Advantages: 
1. Speed and storage are comparable to distributed noSql databases  
Disadvantages: 
1. BigChainDB is an ordinary noSql database that additionally has all the blockchain drawbacks. 
2. Permanency (the data can’t be deleted legally, but can be deleted maliciously). 
3. Susceptible to the Byzantine Generals’ Problem, thus it can’t be used in a public network. 
For these and other reasons, we have concluded that BigChainDB is unsuited for Ties.Network data 

storage. 

4.9.7 Conclusion 
Having carried out thorough analysis of existing storage solutions we conclude that no current solution 

meets the high demands of emerging decentralized applications. What they need is decentralized public 
database. That is why we focused our efforts on developing Ties.DB, which can be of use not only for 
Ties.Network but can boost the development of other feature-rich decentralized applications on Ethereum 
blockchain. 

 
  



 

24 

5. Self-organization and motivation 

5.1 Platform revenue sources 
Profits come from the following sources: 

- Premium accounts 
- Escrow fee 
 

Income for nodes comes from the following: 

- Placing content on the node server 
- Retrieving content from the node server 
 

Users must pay for storing their data on the database servers. That allows the network to sustain itself 
by making its support profitable. It also prevents flooding the network with garbage or malicious data. But 
such a model of networking is not very popular at the moment.  

For example, Jim (hypothetical person) signs up on Ties.Network. Before he can do anything, he needs 
to place a deposit on a smart contract "chequebook." That is his paid registration. For ordinary social 
networks, where users just have fun, such a step would have meant the end of our network - why pay for 
something you can get free somewhere else? Since Ties.Network is different in that it earns you money, we 
feel justified in asking for an initial payment and commissions down the line to help us continue offering you 
this service. 

Unlike centralized competitors who get their revenues from advertising or from using freemium 
models, Ties.Network belongs to the community, so its revenues must be spent on developing and 
maintaining it. One of the ways that revenues will be used will be for paying moderators and for platform 
maintenance. Thus, the profit of the project will be distributed to pay for key individuals who support the 
project. These are: 

● Content moderator (who has the authority to delete content and ban users). 
● “Super-moderator” (who investigates collusion between nodes and participants, manages the 

budget, and rejects, or fires, participants). 
● Moderators (who arbitrate disputes). 
● Technical positions that include Developers (who develop software for Ties.Network). 
● Ordinary users (covering fair user expenses) 

 

The platform will cover the users’ expenses of their fair use of the platform making it eventually free to 
use. Fairness of platform use will be observed by budget Super-moderators. 

5.2 Platform roles  
Social roles: 

- Content moderator (individuals given special authority to enforce the rules on the platform and to 
regulate, delete, or ban content) 

- Budget defense super-moderator (this moderator investigates collusion between nodes and users, 
banning nodes and users if necessary) 

- Judges (settling disputes between users) 



 

25 

- Ordinary users 
 

Technical role: 

- Developer (develops software for Ties.Network) 

5.3 Referral system 
We propose a referral system to motivate individuals to join Ties.Network and affiliate initial investment.  

An already registered member of the network invites another participant through an alternative channel, 
giving them a special invitation code. A new participant enters with this code, while a part of the money from 
the inviter is immediately transferred to the deposit, that is, a new user can start using the system 
immediately, without any initial investment. At the end of the reporting period, the cost of invitations and 
payment for data storage can be offset from the profit of the project. For this system to work, the budget is 
managed by the budget defence super-moderators who must only use coins set aside for this purpose. 

 
  



 

26 

6. TIE tokens 
TIE tokens are the digital currency used by members on the Ties.Network platform. 

6.1 Operations with TIE tokens 
1. Purchase and sale of tokens is conducted via the internal platform exchange or via an outside 

exchange which lists TIE tokens.  
2. At registration the user sends a participation fee to the system, which is then refunded out of the 

platform budget.  
3. All deals transacted over the platform are paid for with TIE tokens (which can be converted into 

other cryptocurrencies (e.g., BTC, ETH, or Ripple) and into  fiat currency).  

 
  



 

27 

7. Conclusion 
This paper reviewed the proposal of Ties.Network, a platform for business and social networking 

transactions. The platform is a publicly distributed system of self-motivated servers that serve a common 
purpose. The paper also outlines the architecture and key interfaces of Ties.DB. These include: that it is a 
public distributed noSql database with powerful processing speed, that it supports a secondary index and 
full-text search capacity, and that it can be used in conjunction with any blockchain that supports smart 
contracts. 

  



 

28 

8. References 
1. Leslie Lamport, Robert Shostak, and Marshall Pease. The Byzantine Generals Problem. ACM Transactions 

on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS), 4(3):382–401, July 1982. http: 
//research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/people/lamport/pubs/byz.pdf. 

2. https://ethereum.org/ 
3. https://www.rchain.coop 
4. https://www.torproject.org/ 
5. https://geti2p.net/ 
6. https://hyperboria.net/ 
7. https://github.com/cjdelisle/cjdns 
8. https://ipfs.io/ 
9. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distributed_hash_table 
10. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BitTorrent 
11. https://akasha.world/ 
12. https://openbazaar.org/ 
13. https://www.dropbox.com/ 
14. http://sia.tech/ 
15. https://storj.io/ 
16. https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm 
17. https://maidsafe.net/ 
18. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CAP_theorem 
19. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACID 
20. https://www.mongodb.com/ 
21. http://cassandra.apache.org/ 
22. https://www.rethinkdb.com/ 
23. https://www.bigchaindb.com/ 
24. https://docs.bigchaindb.com/en/latest/bft.html и https://github.com/bigchaindb/bigchaindb/issues/293  
25. https://reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/4j7wjf/bigchaindb_a_prime_example_of_blockchain_bullshit/ 
26. viktor trón et al. “Swap, swear and swindle incentive system for swarm”, http://swarm-

gateways.net/bzz:/theswarm.eth/ethersphere/orange-papers/1/sw%5E3.pdf 
27. http://www.elassandra.io/ 
28. https://www.elastic.co/products/elasticsearch 
 

 


