






















 



 

Table of contents: 
 
 

Table of contents: 1 

Preamble 1 

Background 1 

Mission Statement 3 

The Problem 3 

Market Analysis 3 

Competitors analysis 5 

The Solution 5 

The Tokenlend Platform 6 

Business Model 8 

TLN Token 9 

Tokenomics 9 

ICO 10 

Token Sale Details 12 

Pre-Sale Bonuses 12 

Token Sale Bonuses 12 

Core Budget 12 

Roadmap 14 

The Team 16 

Advisors 18 

Join us 19 

1 



 

 

Preamble 
 

In a modern world full of technology, the Internet erases borders between countries and              
people. To some extent, the Internet brought equality and freedom but the world is still full of                 
limitations and obstacles​. 

After its inception, blockchain technology not only took leadership in solutions where data             
authenticity, consistency and availability are vital. It also fueled the evolution of crowdfunding and              
fundraising platforms to make them more efficient and accessible. 

 

Background 
 

Blockchain - A type of distributed ledger or a decentralized database, where digital             
transaction records are stored. All database instances (nodes) are connected to each other via the               
Internet. Data is synchronized in real time between nodes and visible to anyone within the network. 
 

 
After each digital transaction is processed, it is grouped with other transactions processed at              

the same time in a cryptographically encrypted block. The block is then cryptographically signed              
(validated) and added to the blockchain. 

The key advantage of this technology is that all blocks are linked to the previous block, forming                 
a chain. The chain therefore contains the entire transaction history from the very first (“genesis”)               
block to the very last. This gives every member the ability to prove who owns what at any given time. 

 
Smart contracts - An embedded tool of Ethereum blockchain. The Ethereum blockchain is             

essentially a decentralized computer which allows the execution of complex script-based instructions,            
called “smart contracts”. 

2 



 

 
 
 

These instructions are mandatory for all parties and cannot be circumnavigated because smart             
contracts not only define the rules and penalties around the agreement, they also automatically              
enforce the obligations. 

 
Tokens - The fungible, tradable goods, minted and governed by smart contracts in the              

Ethereum blockchain. 
 
ERC-20 - A standard interface that guarantees interoperability between tokens. ERC-20           

tokens are a subgroup of the Ethereum tokens that comply to a defined standard. For instance, to                 
comply with ERC-20, the token’s smart contract must allow the execution of all the following               
instructions: 

 
1. Total token supply 
2. Account balance 
3. Token transfer 
4. Spending approval 

  

Mission Statement 
 

Our mission is to provide safe fiat haven for your crypto funds. That’s why we’re planning the                 
creation of a blockchain-powered lending platform. We strive to help users across the globe make               
profits by lending funds with fewer risks and hassles. We believe that by using blockchain technology,                
we can make the lending process easier and cheaper to use without the bureaucracy of traditional                
banking services. 
 
 

3 



 

The Problem 
 

Traditional banking products and services are archaic and slow due to all their red tape and                
paperwork. In a world of cross-continental currency transfers, decentralised databases and smart            
contracts, people are still limited by their geographical location and residency. Different legislations,             
currencies and complex taxation make business activities more complicated than it should and could              
be. The lack of integration between financial services force people to deal with numerous middleman               
institutions with their own verification policies, fees and limits. This can turn a seemingly simple               
operation into a massive headache. 
 

Market Analysis 
 

The 3rd quarter of 2016 saw the highest loan volumes of the Continental European P2P               
market in France, Germany and Latvia. Latvia was cited as being the fastest growing market on the                 
continent for P2P lending with an average of 73% annual growth in loan volumes across Continental                
Europe.  

Countries like Latvia and Estonia are in a position to benefit from current common sense               
regulations that attract investors, developers and loan originators across Europe. Although the            
European P2P lending market mainly consists of consumer lending platforms with an average             
lending term of 3 to 5 years; business lending, factoring, real estate and asset finance are all areas                  
where significant volume growth is expected by analysts. 

 
 
From 2013 to 2016, the European P2P lending market grew three years in a row and                

maintains a growing trend. ​The total market volume in Q1-Q3 of 2016 was up 23% compared to                 
2015 and amounted to 623 million EUR. While the leading positions are still held by consumer                
lending, business lending grew three years in a row. Despite the fact that business lending growth                
was slower in 2016 compared to 2015, analysts are looking forward to promising results in this sector                 
by the end of 2017.  
  

4 



 

 
 
 

Thanks to the rapid growth of P2P lending platforms in 2016, Latvia broke into the top 3                 
countries by alternative lending volume size. 

The key factor for the future growth of Latvian P2P lending is the ability to enter new markets                  
in Continental Europe where banks offer relatively high interest rates. Countries like Poland, The              
Czech Republic, Spain, Italy and Scandinavia for example. P2P business lending has plenty of              
growth potential, but without cutting-edge fintech solutions and proper expertise, it will take far longer               
for Latvia to compete in these markets successfully. 
 

Competitors comparison 
 

At first sight, Tokenlend has three main competitors on the market: 
 

● ETHLend​ - decentralized P2P lending platform. Provides crypto-to-crypto lending of 
virtually any ERC-20 token (at the moment).  

○ Pros​: Almost not regulated, due to pure crypto loan nature. Good for margin 
trading opportunities. Easy integration with new tokens. 

○ Cons​: Young team with low experience in complex software solutions 
development. No crypto-to-fiat loans. No low-risk collaterals (property, shares, 
etc.). Although, default risk is mitigated as long as loan is fully collateralized, 
market value of collateral can drop unpredictably, thus causing massive loss. 

 
● SALT​ - decentralized lending platform. Provides crypto-to-fiat lending and borrowing. 

○ Pros​: Strong team. Enables to borrow fiat funds for immediate liquidity using 
crypto assets as a collateral. Network effect provides more liquidity to the 
platform. 

○ Cons​: Confusing fee model. Platform could suffer from margin calls due to 
volatile cryptocurrency prices. High rates for borrowers, as a compensation of 
possible risks. 

5 

https://ethlend.io/
https://www.saltlending.com/


 

 
● Lendoit ​- decentralized P2P lending platform. Provides free auction-like marketplace 

for lenders and borrowers. 
○ Pros​: Interest rates are set by bidding. Easy loan application process. Different 

loan types. Loan management from ERC20 wallet. 
○ Cons​: No collateralized loans. Defaulted loans are to be treated by collectors 

using uncertain mechanism of compensation to lenders. All loans issued in 
LOAN tokens and should be exchanged with non-market exchange rate to major 
fiat or crypto currencies prior withdraw. 

The Solution 
 

The idea for Tokenlend resulted from a culmination of our investment experience as well as               
our vast experience in software development.  

Our goal is to build a robust and reliable ecosystem that provides a complete fund lending                
service for all parties involved.  

Tokenlend will offer to anyone from any part of the world a possibility to invest in real estate                  
secured loans and earn competitive interest rates on various crypto assets nominated in fiat value               
(EUR,USD etc. ).  

The platform will contain a list of carefully selected and pre-checked secured loans available              
for investment. Tokenlend will only accept loans from trusted EU loan originators. The presence of a                
legal entity as a counterparty will allow us to take necessary measures in advance to receive timely                 
payments by the lender and mitigate the risk of default. 
  

Tokenlend personnel will re-validate information received by the loan originator, including the            
borrower’s personal details, pledge information, appraisal and LTV ratio. Loans will only be listed on               
the platform if they meet Tokenlend’s stringent loan selection criteria. 

 

The Tokenlend Platform 
 
The platform will provide a set of tools for potential investors and loan originators via user                

friendly web interface. 
 
The core features of Tokenlend will be as follows: 

● Loan marketplace ​where loan originators will offer opportunities for users to invest and             
receive income. 

● Loan Participation Note (LPN) market (i.e. “Secondary Market”) where users can           
trade ongoing investments for immediate liquidity. 

● Payments gateway which will enable users and loan originators to make deposits and             
withdraw funds from their accounts. 

 
Each Loan Participation Note (LPN) represents the smallest indivisible share of a loan with              

value of 10 EUR. Users can invest into a particular loan by purchasing any number of available LPNs                  
with fiat or crypto funds (including TLN tokens) from their platform account balance. Token holders               
will need to have at least 5 TLN on account balance (according to the calculations below) to purchase                  

6 

https://lendoit.com/


 

LPN. Funds spent on such purchases will be taken from the account balance and locked into the                 
loan’s smart contract. Once the loan term is complete or repaid in full, the corresponding funds will be                  
deposited into the accounts of users who own the corresponding Loan Participation Notes. LPNs will               
be tradeable within the Tokenlend platform so owners are able to transfer and sell their investments                
for quick liquidity. 
  

The loan smart contract will issue loan repayments according to the repayment schedule and              
distribute the payment amounts between the loan’s LPN holders. each payment will consist from two               
parts: loan principal and interest. Users, who had invested their TLN tokens instead of Euros will                
receive TLN’s back as loan principal and Euros - as a loan interest. In this case, TLN tokens will be                    
deposited back to their ERC20 wallets according to the number of LPNs owned by each specific                
wallet address at the time. Interest payments will be deposited in Euros to the account balance on the                  
platform. Repaid TLNs will be available for immediate investment into other available loan. 

 
Users will be able to withdraw their earnings from the platform in Euro or cryptocurrency.               

Cryptocurrency withdrawals will be performed at the market exchange rate at the given date and               
time. 

 
The typical loan lifecycle ​for TLN token holder​ will look as follows:  

 

 
 

1. The loan originator adds a new loan to the system via the Dashboard. After loan details are                 
validated and successfully verified by platform personnel, the loan smart contract is created             
and published onto the platform. 

2. Token holders purchase Loan Participation Notes (LPN) for a particular loan by transferring a              
desired amount of TLN to the loan address. The loan smart contract then generates the LPN                
contract with a principal value equating to the amount of TLN transferred by the user as well                 

7 



 

as a personal repayment schedule based on the creation timestamp of the LPNs and loan               
terms. 

3. The LPNs are linked to the user’s ERC20 wallet address as the beneficiary of the loan                
principal payments. The total amount of TLN received from all users are transferred to the               
Loan Originator’s account as the loan principal. 

4. In accordance with the loan smart contract schedule, the loan originator sends interest             
payments and principal repayments (if applicable)  total to the platform.  

5. The Loan Participation Note contract requests the relevant share of interest payment and             
principal payment (if applicable) from the loan smart contract. The LPN contract then receives              
the funds and deposits interest in Euro to the associated platform account, and part of loan                
principal in TLN - to the linked ERC20 wallet. 

6. After receiving the last transaction from the loan originator, the LPN contract closes the              
repayment schedule and sends the interest along with the remaining TLN principal to the              
associated accounts. 

7. The user account receives TLN and sends the LPNs back simultaneously. The loan is then               
considered closed, the wallet address association is removed and the LPN contract is             
considered fully executed. 

 
The web dashboard will provide detailed statistics, repayment progress, projected income and other             
relevant information. 

 
The LPN market will allow users to trade LPNs between one another, this is only available to                 

registered users. Users are not obliged to sell at the original LPN principal price, they can submit sell                  
orders for specific LPNs at their desired price in Euro or TLN (if LPN was created with tokens). Users                   
can also add comments and details about the LPNs to be sold. All transactions will be performed by                  
sending funds from one account to another within the platform. The LPNs will be considered sold                
once the transfer is confirmed by Ethereum network and at which point the LPNs’ owner is changed                 
automatically. 

 
The payment gateway will be released during the public launch of the platform. It will help                

users deposit funds into their accounts in not only TLN, but also in any acceptable currency. The                 
investment and repayment processes will be the same for token holders except for the one main                
difference: Users who did not have TLN tokens will not be able to withdraw the loan principal in TLN                   
but they can still withdraw in any of the other supported currencies. 

 

Business Model 
 

In average, loan originators in Latvia and Estonia offer real estate secured loans to borrowers 
with a 10-14% interest rate. At the same time they are open to accept funds from any available 
sources with a 5-8% interest rate. This is where Tokenlend can come in and securely connect both 
parties. 

As a result, platform users have an accessible source of investment opportunities and loan 
originators have access to affordable funds. 
 

Platform income will consist of the following sources: 

8 



 

● Loan listing fee for loan originator.​ This fee is to be collected for every successful loan 
submission to the platform. The rate is from 0,5% to 1% from loan principal, depending on 
particular loan originator’s platform portfolio health and value. 

● LPN sale fee for user.​ This fee is to be collected from user for every successful trade of LPN 
on a Secondary Market. It will be applied only at LPNs created by regular users (not token 
holders). The fee rate is planned to be 1% to 5% of sale price depending on reward/discount 
from original LPN value. 

● Withdrawal fee.​ The 1% fee, which is to be applied at every withdraw transaction in fiat 
currency (EUR, USD, etc.) for all types of users.  

 
So, in average, platform will receive up to 2% from every loan in fees and up to 5% from 

Secondary Market operations. For example: in case of adding 1 000 000 EUR of new loans every 
month, platform annual income from fees will be around 240 000 EUR. In case of 30% LPN will be 
reselled at least once per year, income from such operations will gain 180 000 EUR. Thus, total 
income will be around 450 000 EUR.  
 

As stated in Tokenlend Core Budget breakdown (see below), 18,6% of budget will be allocated 
to marketing and PR activities. According to the current ETH/EUR exchange rate: 544 EUR for 1 
ETH, marketing budget will be around 82 500 EUR. Based on Tokenlend team experience in 
advertising, and user acquisition costs statistics provided by our advisors - owners of loan originating 
companies, the average rate for the first successful investment per one new user on the Tokenlend 
platform (CPA) will be approximately 1.09 EUR. Since, average investment size per user is 1200 
EUR, spending 82 500 EUR on marketing activities could potentially attract 91 000 000 EUR of 
investments, which could generate about 3 000 000 EUR of income from fees and Secondary 
Market. 

Typical loan repayment schedule provides for the payment of a part of loan principal every 
month. These funds are available for reinvesting immediately after being deposited to user account 
balance. Based on this, reinvesting could potentially bring up to 50% extra income from fees, thus 
increasing platform income by 1 000 000 EUR per year. 

For proper platform operation and establishing legal partnership with loan originators, 
Tokenlend will open legal entity and brick & mortar office in the Republic of Estonia. Based on 
preliminary calculations and estonian taxation - platform administrative expenses, fees and taxes will 
reach 25% of gross income.  

So, the annual net income of Tokenlend platform will be around 3 000 000 EUR for the first 
year. 
 

TLN Token 
 
During the Initial Coin Offering (ICO) campaign, Tokenlend will offer Lend Coin (TLN) tokens              

for sale. TLN tokens are a digital representation of the right to an exclusive membership on the                 
Tokenlend platform. TLN holders have a ability to invest the desired amount of funds from their                
account into any of the available loans listed on the Tokenlend P2P platform. The account balance on                 
the platform represents the number of TLN tokens stored in the Ethereum wallet of the member’s                
Tokenlend account at any given time. 

TLN tokens will be tradeable outside of the Tokenlend platform. Since they are ERC-20              
tokens, they will have an inherent value on exchanges. 

9 



 

Tokens created during the ICO campaign will provide two types of income for its holders.               
Token holders will be able to use TLN to invest in any loan listed on the platform and receive income                    
like regular platform users. Also, holders of TLN tokens will receive a share of company’s profits in                 
Ether every quarter directly on ERC20 wallet, which will contain tokens at the time of payment.  

Tokenomics 
 

The Tokenlend project has three main financial milestones: Core Budget, Soft Cap, Hard Cap: 
 

● Core Budget - 800 ETH: amount of funds, needed to develop, launch and promote lending               
platform. These funds don’t provide any liquidity, thus - platform has no attraction as a               
financial partner for loan originators. 

● Soft Cap - 5 000 ETH: reaching this milestone will cover development and promotion needs,               
and will provide a basic level of liquidity to attract potential partners. In case of reaching Soft                 
Cap, Tokenlend platform will be able to offer potential loan originating partners more than 2               
000 000 EUR of funds available for immediate investment. 

● Hard Cap - 41000 ETH: ​reaching the maximum will provide an extraordinary level of platform               
liquidity to establish partnership with loan originators not only from Latvia and Estonia, but also               
from Germany and Poland on more favorable terms by offering outstanding 22 000 000 EUR               
of investments available immediately.  
 
Here is projected TLN profit example in case of reaching soft cap (5 000 ETH): 

 
Given: 

● Pre-ICO price:​ 1 TLN = 0.00033 ETH = 0.18 EUR (20% bonus) 
● ICO price:​ 1 TLN = 0.00036 ETH = 0.195 EUR (10% bonus) 
● Raised at pre-ICO:​ 1400 ETH with 20% bonus =  4 200 000 TLN 
● Raised at ICO: 1000 ETH with 10% bonus + 1600 ETH with 7% bonus = 7 030 000                  

TLN 
● Platform net income:​ 3 000 000 EUR 
● Net income breakdown: 

○ 60% - investors share 
○ 40% - reserve fund 

 
According to the given values, 37,3% of TLN have a price of 0.18 EUR, 24% - 0.195 EUR and                   

38,7% were sold for 0.21 EUR. Based on platform net income total amount and breakdown, the                
annual profit per token will be: 
 

● For tokens purchased during pre-ICO​ - 0.159 EUR per TLN, or 89% annual profit 
● For the Tier 1 tokens, purchased during the ICO - 0.157 EUR per TLN, or 80%                

annual profit 
● For the Tier 2 tokens, purchased during the ICO - 0.162 EUR per TLN, or 77%                

annual profit 
 

The second source of income for TLN token holders is investing into loans on the platform. 
Here is a simplified calculation of projected annual return in case of soft cap being reached: 

 

10 



 

Given: 
● Total number of TLN in circulation:​ 11 230 000 
● Value available for investment per TLN (After Core Budget deduction):​ 0.2 EUR 
● Annual interest rate:​ 5% 
● Re-Investment ratio:​ 50% 

 
The projected investment return is 7.5% per 1 TLN, or 0.015 EUR, 168 450 EUR total. 

 
As all tokens will be created at the token sale stage, the token will not be inflationary. As more                   

ongoing investments are on platform - more LPNs are active thus lowering the number of tokens that                 
remain in circulation and their availability on exchanges. As Tokenlend’s cumulative loan portfolio             
grows, so will the net profit of the platform making ownership of TLN tokens even more profitable.                 
These events, we believe, will lead to an increase in the price of the token on the crypto-exchanges                  
in the medium to long term. 

ICO 
LendCoin (TLN) token sale is performed by ​DT SOFT Ltd, a company organized and 

existing under the laws of Belize​, and subject to the ​Tokenlend Sale Terms​. 
 
During the crowdsale, TLN tokens will be minted by the TLN smart contract. The total amount                

of tokens will be distributed in the following manner: 

 
 

11 

https://presale.tokenlend.io/terms


 

 
 

Pre-sale - 7% of all tokens will be sold during the pre-sale. All pre-sale participants will not                 
only have an opportunity to purchase TLN tokens at special discounts, but will also have the                
exclusive right to participate in the platform’s beta testing phase and receive investment profits before               
any other token holders. 
 

ICO​ ​- 75%​ of tokens will be distributed during the ICO. All unsold tokens will be burned. 
 

Advisory - 3% of tokens will be granted to our legal and advisory team for their contribution.                 
These tokens will be locked* for a 12 month period. 
 

Team - 14% of tokens will be allocated to the Tokenlend founders and core team. 50% of                 
these tokens will be locked* for a 24 month period, and the remaining 50% will be locked* for 48                   
months.  
 

Bounty - 1%​ of tokens will be allocated for various bounty activities. 
 
 

 
* “Locking” means that tokens will not be immediately tradable and cannot be used for purchasing LPNs within                  

the platform.  

Token Sale Details 
 

✓ Participants willing to contribute to the development of the Tokenlend platform can do so by               
using cryptocurrencies and other payment methods listed on the Website 

✓ Total number of tokens: 130,411,585 TLN 
✓ Contributors receive TLN tokens at the rate of 2,500 TLN per ETH 
✓ Contributors will receive bonus tokens during the pre-sale and crowdsale as described below. 
✓ The sale will begin on the 26th of March 2018 
✓ The contribution period will run for 45 days 
✓ The pre-sale will start on the 1st of March 2018 and run for 11 days and will be capped at                    

3,500 ETH with a minimum contribution of 1 ETH 
✓ During the ICO token sale, there will be soft cap of 5,000 ETH and a hard cap of 41,000 ETH.  
✓ All unsold tokens will be burned 
✓ TLN tokens received by contributors will be transferable 7 days after the end of Initial Coin                

Offering campaign 
 

Pre-Sale Bonuses 
Depending on purchase total, the following bonus tiers will be applied: 

 
● <5 ETH +20% bonus in TLN tokens 
●  5<=ETH<10 +21% bonus in TLN tokens  
● 10<=ETH<20 +22% bonus in TLN tokens  
● 20<=ETH<40 +23% bonus in TLN tokens 

12 



 

● 40<=ETH<80 +24% bonus in TLN tokens 
● >=80 ETH +25% bonus in TLN tokens 

 

Token Sale Bonuses 
Depending on sale progress, the following bonus tiers will be applied: 

 
● Tier 1: 0 >= 1,000 ETH​ -  10% bonus tokens 
● Tier 2: 1,000 >= 3,000 ETH​ -  7% bonus tokens 
● Tier 3: 3,000 >= 9,000 ETH​ -  5% bonus tokens 
● Tier 4: 9,000 >= 21,000 ETH​ -  3% bonus tokens 

 

Core Budget 
 

The core budget required to deliver the Tokenlend Platform to TLN token holders and              
end-users on time and in accordance with the roadmap, has been calculated. These funds will cover                
development, deployment and promotion of Tokenlend platform covering all stages, from the very             
first sketches to the public launch.  
 

Total amount of funds to be allocated is - ​800 ETH​. 
 

The budgeted funds will be withdrawn in full prior to starting the development. They will be                
distributed amongst various departments and activities in the following manner: 

 

13 



 

 
● 70% - Core Development: The entire development process of the Tokenlend platform and its              

proprietary features. 
● 1​8.6% - Marketing and PR: The strategic process of attracting investors and loan originators              

to the platform in order to generate revenue. 
● 7.0% - Legal: Most of the legal funds will go towards developing a strong legal framework for                 

the Tokenlend business structure, the remainder will to towards accounting and administration            
activities. 

● 2.6% - Consulting: For the future consulting services of SMEs. In particular, business             
domains to gather requirements for the development of new platform features. 

● 1.8% - Office expenses:​  Rent, utility and other costs. 

14 



 

Roadmap 

 
 

 

15 



 

Development of Tokenlend platform is a way of constant growth and improvement. That’s why, 
after public launch of the first version, Tokenlend team will work even harder to bring our users new 
useful features according to the roadmap:  
 

● Mobile application (June 2019)​ - handy tool for iOS and Android users, which will 
enable them to invest and manage existing investments from mobile devices, use 
Secondary Market, view account statistics, adjust account settings, receive notifications 
and, of course deposit or withdraw crypto and fiat funds from platform account. 

 
● New loan types (August 2019)​ - Extra collateral types will be added: automobiles, 

business entities (businesses). We will add “Interest only” repayment schedule - 
suitable for business loans. 

 
● Cryptocurrency loans (September 2019)​ - instead of some other lending projects, 

Tokenlend treats cryptocurrency lending very carefully. we believe, that attractiveness 
of such kind of loans for investor is strongly depends on cryptocurrency exchange rate 
growth in mid or long time perspective. Today, we cannot be sure, that investment in 
loans with cryptocurrency as a collateral will not be extremely risky due to exchange 
rate fluctuations. Also, after studying mechanisms of cryptocurrency loans repossession 
from our competitors, we didn’t find any which met our strict requirements.  By the date, 
mentioned in our roadmap we will finish development, testing and deployment of such 
mechanism alongside with other services to deliver high quality functionality to our 
users. 

 
● API and Web-services (November 2019)​ - Releasing this functionality will be 

considered as a first major update of Tokenlend platform. API will enable loan 
originators and platform users to integrate Tokenlend services into existing 
infrastructure to reduce operations processing time. 

 
● Partnership with non-EU loan originators (December 2019)​ - Right after Public 

Launch, Tokenlend business development department will start seeking for partners 
outside the European Union. Because of complexity of this process and hidden legal 
obstacles, we carefully plan to finish it by December 2019. Of course, our team will do 
their best to add non-EU partners as soon as possible.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

16 



 

The Team 
 

 

 

Sergei Naiden  

Chief Executive Officer 

Robert Morris University, USA:  
Master of Science, Banking, Corporate, Finance and Securities Law. 
Serial entrepreneur with 25+ years experience in managing large         
enterprises and 10+ years experience in the ownership and management of           
an international IT company. Developer and vendor of the world famous           
software product; DAEMON Tools.  

 

Ivan Kovtun  

Chief Operating Officer 

Business analyst and product manager with 10 years experience in          
managing international business operations and 5+ years of        
experience in software product ownership and project management. 

 

Vitaliy Russkih  

Chief Technical Officer 

Senior developer with 12 years experience in developing complex         
systems and 10 years experience in software team management.  

17 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/sergeinaiden/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ivan-kovtun/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/vitaliy-russkih-9a201b5/


 

 

Alexandr Petrov  

Blockchain Architect/Lead Developer 

Senior developer with more than 12 years experience in designing          
and implementing enterprise-grade solutions including kernel driver       
development and embedded systems development.  
3+ years experience in designing blockchain solutions for IoT and          
FinTech. 
 

 

Maria Viter  

Chief Marketing Officer 

Industry professional with more than 8 years experience in software 
product marketing and 5+ years experience in business development 
of the DAEMON Tools product line. 
 

 

Tanya Chuh  

Chief Communications Officer 

Senior specialist with more than 5 years experience in public 
relations activities, specialising in  building PR and Community 
management strategies for companies operating in stock markets 
and international software vendors.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

18 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/verbatium/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/maria-viter-63825734/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/tanya-chuh


 

Advisors 
 
 

 

Leo Matveev  

CEO & Founder at SearchInform, Russia 

Leo started his business from scratch and built an efficient           
information security company. Moreover, he developed and patented        
the technologies used by the business. Today Searchinform operates         
in Europe, Russia and the CIS, Latin America and the Middle East.            
SearchInform software protects the data of more than 2,000         
customers and more than 1,000,000 PCs worldwide. 

Leo Matveev's experience in the field of information security,          
business development and team building will undoubtedly help our         
project avoid many pitfalls and reach its goals most effectively. 

 

Maksims Matulevics  

CEO & Founder at Money Express Credit, Latvia 

Talented entrepreneur and skilled investor, Maksims has extensive         
experience in the European loan market. His effective management         
skills and inexhaustible energy brought MEC to success.  

Maksims’ deep knowledge of background processes and EU         
legislation coupled with his sincere desire to help us, makes his           
advice priceless. 
 

 

Anton Kolomyeytsev  

CEO & Co-Founder at StarWind Inc., USA 

    Developer, Architect, Visionary, Owner of a world famous IT 
company, Anton can most definitely be called a "self-made man". His 
contribution into the development of data storage technologies is 
priceless. He has also built a successful enterprise-oriented business 
and is in strong partnership with companies like Microsoft, VMWare, 
Citrix and Veeam. Anton's advice regarding business relations, 
technology and data security will surely help us on the road to 
success. 

19 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/leo-matveev-8033b5/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/maksims-matu%C4%BCevi%C4%8Ds-66327a84/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/antonkolomyeytsev/


 

 

Nikolajs Timofejevs  

CVO at MONEY EXPRESS, Estonia 

Nikolajs is an experienced specialist in the development of          
products and services for the financial market. Under his guidance,          
Money Express Estonia has developed and launched many unique         
products that customers have embraced.  

His invaluable experience in promoting financial products is         
indispensable to the project. 

 

Join us 

 
https://www.facebook.com/tokenlend/ 

 
https://twitter.com/Tokenlend_news 

 
https://t.me/tokenlend​ - Chat ​https://t.me/tokenlend_announce​ - Announcements & news 

 
https://medium.com/@tokenlend 

 
https://www.linkedin.com/company/tokenlend/ 

 
https://github.com/tokenlend/tokenlendio 

 
 
 

20 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/nikolajs-timofejevs-ba161a8a/
https://www.facebook.com/tokenlend/
https://twitter.com/Tokenlend_news
https://t.me/tokenlend
https://t.me/tokenlend_announce
https://medium.com/@tokenlend
https://www.linkedin.com/company/tokenlend/
https://github.com/tokenlend/tokenlendio

