









































whitepaper_truegame_v4.indd


TRUEGAME S.R.L. 
registration id #3-102-747491 in the 
National Register Costa Rica 
10901, Costa Rica, San Jose, Santa Ana, 
350 metros al Norte de Restaurante 
Ceviche del Rey

WHITE PAPER



2 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

FIRST OF ALL,

THANK YOU
FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION!

Dmitry Danilov
CEO of Truegame

Will the price of bitcoin grow or fall - no one knows. But I’m sure there 
is nothing better than real industry behind the blockchain. Successful 
projects in the industry will benefi t people . And today I am happy to 
introduce Truegame project to you.

Last year we presented a fully working project to the public. Truegame 
received a positive feedback from professional community. We are not 
even the fi rst, but the only one of the few who presented a working smart 
contract blockchain based project with a unique scalable architecture.

We are progressing consistently: we didn’t conduct token sale on the 
hype of the year 2017, but instead developed a product, collected a 
feedback and improved the platform.

Now when we see the usefulness of TGAME token, we are ready for 
market expansion, that’s why my team consists of high-level development 
specialists and strong marketing professionals with large expertise in user 
acquisition, email marketing, traffi  c attraction and promotion.  And only 
now after a year of realization we can off er TGAME token to you.

TGAME token is a utility token used for playing games on Truegame 
platform.

CHOOSE PROJECTS FROM THE REAL BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRY!



3

CONTENT

CONTENT
1. INTRODUCTION04-06

2. iGAMING MARKET

8. TOKEN SALE

07-09

21

3. PROBLEMS AND SOLUTIONS

9. SECURITY

10-11

22

4. PLATFORM

11. FINANCIAL MODEL AND BUSINESS PLAN

10. TOKEN FUNCTION AND FUNDS DISTRIBUTION

11-13

23

5. HOW THE PLATFORM WORKS. pRNG ALGORITHM

13. ROADMAP

12. MARKETING STRATEGY

17. CONCLUSION

19. REFERENCES

14-15

24

30-31

37

6. KEY BENEFITS OF THE PLATFORM. WHY US?

14. ADVISORS

20. FOLLOW AND CONTACT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA

18. DISCLAIMER

16-18

25-26

32-35

38

36

39

40

7. COMPARISON OF TRUEGAME AND OTHER MARKET PLAYERS

16. RISKS

15. TEAM

19-20

27-29



4 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

INTRODUCTION

INTRODUCTION1
Throughout history, people have been attracted to games of chance. Every day millions of people around the 

world play lottery games, take part in prize draws, spend time in poker rooms or play slot machines. Many 

of these games are now played online.

The market of igaming is growing rapidly every year. If in 2016 the volume of gaming industry in global market 

was about USD 44.16 billion, and by the year 2022 it is forecasted by analytics to become USD 81.71 billion. 

The annual growth of the market for the years 2017-2021 is expected to grow by 18% [1].

However, there has always been a serious issue of trust in the iGaming industry. It not only concerns the 

trust of players in each other, but also the trust they have in casino managers. The issue of trust is very 

important in online gaming industry. Players can’t verify the integrity of a game or a lottery, and they can’t 

be sure of the honesty of the organizers [2].

With the development of blockchain technology, the world of iGaming can undergo strong changes. 

Blockchain enables to transfer winnings, generate random numbers, isolate draws from any manipulation, 

therefore it brings full transparency and reliability to the gaming process. iGaming is perhaps one of the few 

areas where all the advantages of blockchain solutions can be fully disclosed - decentralization, transparency, 

low transaction costs and high data quality.

The idea of combining blockchain and iGaming lies at the heart of our platform. Truegame solves the above 

issues of trust through its innovative use of blockchain technology and smart contracts. We developed the 

infrastructure on the basis of Blockchain Ethereum and in 2017 we launched a fully working platform, which 

already has more than 10 games and users are actively playing them. Prizes, lotteries and several types of 

scratchcards are available on the platform. All games are completely transparent and are based on proven 

RNG algorithm.



5

INTRODUCTION

TRUEGAME OFFERS A NUMBER 
OF THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS TO THE PLAYERS:

We are continuously updating our games collection, and each game is based on secure and open sources. 

One of the advantages of our platform is its fl exibility and mobility, as it allows us to quickly implement new games - in 2018 we 

plan to launch such games as Dice, Giftbox, Smart Roulette and many more [3].

We understand the importance of ensuring a full transparency, so that any player can be aware of the reliability and honesty of 

our algorithms. Therefore, we place the code of all smart contracts on Github [4].

ABSOLUTE INTEGRITY 
OF PRIZE DRAWINGS:

FAIR CHANCES 
TO EACH PLAYER:

FAIR DISTRIBUTION 
OF THE WINNINGS:

FULLY INTEGRATED 
PLATFORM:

it is ensured by the use of a completely open blockchain 
technology. One can verify game results at any time in 
blockchain open registry. This information cannot be 
manipulated.

the game is based on totally random combinations 
received from blockchain. They are secured and cannot 
be manipulated. The winnings are dependent only on 
the fortune and mathematical probability.

the winnings are not distributed by the casino manager. 
Blockchain automatically sends the winning immediately 
it has determined the winner, strictly in accordance with 
the rules of the game.

we have developed a platform architecture which allows 
us to quickly implement any game on smart contracts, 
add a payment system, third-party service, etc.

There are also other benefi ts as: advanced privacy, 
SSL security, instant withdrawals, etc.



6 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

ADVANTAGES 
FOR TOKEN BUYERS:

Truegame.io is the fully integrated iGaming project to come to token crowdsale. 

We are prepared for the launch of marketing campaign and the multi-channel 

attraction of the players.

INTRODUCTION

Absolute transparency

Absolute transparency and independence are the basics of our solution and of blockchain technology. The 

results of each game are verifi able in the blockchain open registry and cannot be manipulated.

Fair chances to each player

The game is based on totally random combinations received from blockchain. These are secure and cannot be 

manipulated. Your winnings are dependent only on fortune and mathematical probability.

Fair distribution of winnings

The winnings are distributed by the blockchain network, not by the casino manager, strictly in accordance 

with the rules of the game.

In case token crowdsale does not collect softcap, all the transfers are returned;

Truegame is the working smart contract based iGaming project ever coming on token crowdsale, which 

collected positive feedback from professional community [5];

We are considering an opportunity of obtaining a license of Curacao and a Malta gaming license that will give 

us more opportunities for project development.*

* The fi nal decision on the issue or refusal to issue a license is taken by the regulator.



7

iGAMING MARKET2
The global online iGaming market was USD 44.16 billion in 2016 and is estimated 
to reach USD 81.71 billion by 2022, at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) 
of 10.8% [6]. The global mobile iGaming market is forecasted to grow more 
rapidly, at a CAGR of 18.84% during the period 2017-2021 [1].

iGAMING MARKET

Figure 1. Global online iGaming market from 2015 with forecasted fi gures 2018-2024.

Sources: statista.com, www. businesswire.com, 

www. mobyaffi  liates.com/blog/2016-global-gaming-gambling-markets-overview/

GLOBAL ONLINE iGAMING MARKET
(U.S. billion dollars)

* * * *

The overall online iGaming and betting market is normally segmented on the basis of types, platform, device used or 

geographic regions. On the basis of types, the market is segmented into online casino games (bingo, slots, roulette, 

keno etc.), card games (poker, blackjack, baccarat etc.), online sports betting, fantasy sports, lotteries and social 

gaming. In 2015, sports betting held the largest portion of the global online iGaming industry with a market share 

of 48 percent [7]. Online lotteries held around 10% of the global online iGaming revenues [8].



8 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

iGAMING MARKET

Based on the type of platform, the market is segmented into web-based online iGaming/betting and 

downloadable online iGaming/betting. Based on the type of the device used by player, the market is divided 

into desktop and mobile segments. The desktop segment includes PCs and laptops.  This segment accounted 

for the majority market share during 2016 and will continue to be the largest segment in terms of shares. [9]

Online iGaming is legalized in more than 80 countries across the world.  On the basis of geographic regions, 

the market is classifi ed into Europe, Asia and Middle East, USA  and the rest of the world.

Let us put some interesting facts about online gaming. Online lotteries are encouraged in China [10]. The 

Singapore government exempted two online iGaming service providers called Turf Club and Singapore Pools 

from Remote IGaming Act in September 2016 [11]. Asian and Middle Eastern market size is estimated 11.67 

billion U.S. dollars [12].

Europe has the largest online iGaming market in the world [13] with a market size of 18.11 billion U.S. dollars 

(2015) [14], and this is just going to increase as Netherlands adopts new online iGaming regulations. The 

region is home to the highest number of online iGaming operators with minimal regulations as compared 

to other regions. Subsequently, Europe is set to remain the dominant market for online iGaming and betting 

throughout 2025 [15]. The UK plays a key role in the European market, followed by Malta.

Europe

Asia and Middle East

USA

Rest of the world

GLOBAL ONLINE iGAMING MARKET SEGMENTATION 
on the basis of geographic regions (2015)

Figure 2. Online iGaming market segmentation on the basis of geographic regions

(according to the estimated market size of each region in 2015). 

Sources: statista.com



9

iGAMING MARKET

The global online iGaming market is characterized by the 

presence of several vendors competing to gain market 

dominance. Key vendors in this market are - 888 Holdings, 

bet-at-home.com, GVC Holdings, Ladbrokes Coral Group, 

MGM Resorts, Unibet Group. Other prominent vendors 

in the market include Betsson, Camelot Group, Genting 

UK, NetEnt, Paddy Power, Playtech, Rank Group, The Stars 

Group, and William Hill [16].

In spite of high growth, the global online iGaming market is 

still facing some challenges. Some of the major challenges 

faced by the industry are: lack of suitable software handling, 

cyber security issues and stringent government regulations 

among with security issues and high tax rates

At the same time, the global online iGaming market is 

supported by various growth drivers such as growth of 

mobile iGaming, availability of high-speed internet services, 

rising ownership of gadgets (such as mobile, laptops, tablets), 

market consolidation and technological advancement, 

growing number of online women gamblers. One of the 

important drivers is increased interest among the younger 

population: while the average age of a land-based casino 

visitor is 48 years, the average age of an online gambler is 

34.5 years and mobile gambler is 32 years [17]. It seems 

evident that the mobile iGaming industry is successfully 

attracting the younger population. This should lead to the 

market growth in the future.

Another major driver is blockchain technology 

implementation that can change the industry dramatically, 

mainly through delivering a new level of transparency to the 

online gaming. Blockchain technologies and smart contracts 

play a vital role in determining the independence of number 

generation and ensure the rules are enforced [18]. They 

also boost customer’s confi dence and interest. An online 

casino that can operate in an automated, transparent and 

secure manner has the ability to earn instant credibility 

from the iGaming community, and nowadays many of new 

and existing casino organizations are concentrating their 

eff orts on smart contract iGaming [19].

sports betting - 37%

online poker - 24%

online casinos - 22%

other - 17%

THE SOURCES OF ONLINE iGAMING REVENUES
in Europe

Figure 3. Online iGaming revenues in Europe. Sources: statista.com



10 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

PROBLEMS 
AND SOLUTIONS

3

PROBLEMS AND SOLUTIONS

Problem: Player’s mistrust to the casino manager. In most cases with online casino, the player does not have 

a chance to check the randomness of determining the winner [20]. 

Generating random numbers is not transparent, and even in case of certifi ed algorithms, a player can not be 

100% sure of trustworthiness of a party that monitors the game.

Solution: Truegame solves this problem using blockchain and smart contracts technologies. Our algorithms 

for generating random numbers are available on GitHub [4] and can be checked by anyone. Generation of 

random numbers and distribution of winnings happens not on our servers, but in an autonomous environment 

of blockchain Therefore, neither side can intervene in this process.

Problem: Most of the websites of iGaming industry can not provide suffi  cient transparency to the user to 

ensure the player’s complete confi dence in the integrity of site managers. The player can not see how many 

people actually took part in particular game, which of them won and what is the amount of the winning [21].

Solution: Our platform presents a completely transparent system - all transactions are stored in blockchain. 

They can not be changed or deleted. Anyone can check and see the progress of all our drawings on an 

independent platform (for example Etherscan) [22] or on his computer on which the corresponding 

environment of blockchain is deployed.

Problem: The player can not check the paying capacity of casino operator. The user can not be sure whether 

the casino management has funds for payments, and whether the promised Jackpot can be actually provided.

Solution: Truegame provides full transparency - all the accumulated tokens are consolidated on a smart 

contract. Anyone can look at the size of Jackpot on an independent platform, ensuring our ability to pay the 

winnings.



11

PROBLEMS AND SOLUTIONS

Problem: Security. An overwhelming number of online resources is subject to attacks by hackers [23]. 

Whatever protection measures are taken by the owner’s site - the risk of hacking always remains. In case 

of traditional online casinos when their site is compromised, the attacker is able to fully manage the draws 

and access the Jackpot.

Solution: Truegame is a decentralized application (DAPP). If our website is compromised, the attacker will 

not be able to infl uence the process of the draws or gain access to the Jackpot. Our site is only an interface 

of the infrastructure that we created in the environment of blockchain. Drawings, storage and distribution 

of the Jackpot are managed by a smart contract that is executed in a decentralized environment.

PLATFORM4

Unlike most of the projects that were before us, we developed and launched a  
platform based on our infrastructure. Our architecture allows us to develop and 
run games. Some of them have already been launched and are available for playing. 
Other games will be launched as we implement our Roadmap [3].

Truegame is now a working iGaming platform. We have diff erent games, as well 
as a shopping cart, due to which the player can participate in several drawings at 
once, buy online tickets as goods in the online store

PLATFORM

Note: All bets on the platform are carried out with TGAME tokens, indicating the rates in dollars 
is made for convenience.



12 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

PLATFORM

THE FOLLOWING GAMES 
ARE ALREADY RUNNING ON THE PLATFORM:

PRIZE DRAWS

Drawings of prizes are realized similarly to a iGaming auction. The player chooses a valuable prize for himself 

and makes one small bet. All bets on the platform are carried out with TGAME tokens only. For convenience 

of users it is possible to display the size of the bet in a preferred currency. After the number of bets required 

for the lottery (product cost + house edge) is collected, the random number algorithm selects one winning 

bet and determines the winner. The winner receives an amount in TGAME tokens equivalent to the prize value 

on his balance, and if he wishes, he can order a prize delivery to his address - in this case the amount will be 

debited from his balance. This type of game is truly unique and contributes to the high involvement of players 

who are willing to make a large number of bets to win a prize.

SCRATCHCARDS
This version of instant lottery is unique among iGaming games based 

on blockchain. This is an analogue of well-known scratchcards available 

online. This game helps bringing revenue to the platform due to its 

dynamic nature and low ticket price. On the average, one participant 

plays 10-20 games per game session. We have already implemented 

the following scratchcards: 1st Crypto Scratch-off , Crypto Space  

Battle, Good Luck Meme, Old School Scratch-off , Code me Scratch-

off , Crypto Legends, and we are constantly updating our collection.

Note: All bets on the platform are carried out with TGAME tokens, 
indicating the rates in dollars is made for convenience.



13

PLATFORM

BLOCKCHAIN LOTTERIES
We realized and launched an analog 

of traditional and widely known in 

European iGaming market Lottery 

6/49. We also developed two of 

our own lotteries called Crypto 

Millions and Blockchain Ball with a 

large Jackpot - they will be launched 

immediately after the end of the 

token sale and replenishment of 

Jackpot fund.

We also analyzed popular games, thoroughly studied the feedback and comments left by our users. Based on 

this analysis, we have drawn up a plan for launching games for 2018. The constant launch of new games will 

allow us to keep the player’s attention longer, and thereby to increase LTV index.

IN 2018 WE ARE PLANNING TO LAUNCH THE FOLLOWING GAMES:
Card Lottery, Gift Box, Dices, Smart Roulette, Slot Games, Craps, Keno, Bingo, Lotto mechanical draw 

machine based on smart contracts and many others. For more details, see our Roadmap. House edge is 

between 5-15% and can not only vary from game to game, but can also depend on transaction costs which 

can vary, too. 

TICKET PRICE (BET) DISTRIBUTION:

JACKPOTS & PRIZE POOL

TICKET (BET) PRICE

OPERATING EXPENSES
AND TRANSACTION COSTS

75% 25%

Note: All bets on the platform are carried out with TGAME tokens, 
indicating the rates in dollars is made for convenience.



14 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

HOW THE PLATFORM WORKS

SCHEME OF PLAYER’S INTERACTION WITH A SMART CONTRACT:

Deposit Withdraw

Winnings

% of ticket price % of ticket price

HOW THE 
PLATFORM WORKS. 

5

pRNG ALGORITHM

SMART CONTRACT

PLAYER BALANCE (TOKENS)

JACKPOT & PRIZE POOL HOUSE EDGE

pRNG algorithm provides random numbers

Lottery
smartcontract

Prizes
smartcontract

Scratchcards
smartcontract

Other games
smartcontract



15

HOW THE PLATFORM WORKS

For all the draws, our utility token TGAME is used, through which all the interaction with the player’s 

personal balance is conducted. Each game is based on a separate smart contract, and the code for each of 

them is available on Github [4].

The winning is accumulated in TGAME tokens and stored on a separate Ethereum account managed by 

smart contracts. In the case of a winning, its equivalent in TGAME tokens is automatically transferred to the 

player’s balance and becomes available for the withdrawal (in TGAME tokens only).

WE OFFER TWO WAYS OF PLAYER’S INTERACTION 
WITH OUR SMART CONTRACTS:
Work through personal account. With this method, TGAME tokens on the player’s balance are controlled 

by our Ethereum node, and the player does not need to use special software and have any skills in working 

with blockchain;

The second way is direct interaction with smart contracts through the Ethereum wallet, for example, using 

the Metamask wallet. The player himself sends bets (in TGAME tokens only)  to the wallet and interacts with 

the methods of smart contracts. This option is still in Beta mode;

Regardless of the chosen method, the player is a full participant of our games, and also participates in the 

common pool of draws, claiming the Jackpot.

All the drawings are conducted based on the algorithm for generating random numbers. A random number 

means taking a hash from a join by concatenating the last four hashes of the Ethereum blocks with the 

hash of the previous iteration of the given algorithm. All games, except instant, occur in two stages - 

the accumulation of bets and start of the draw itself. This makes impossible any manipulations with the 

algorithm, because the hacker has no way of predicting at what particular moment a random number 

generation will occur.

At the moment, the core of our system is Ethereum based DAPP developed by us. Ethereum meets our 

requirements and allows us to provide both a successful user experience for the player and an income for 

the platform. At the same time, the Ethereum network is not suffi  ciently optimal, so our specialists are 

constantly studying new technologies that would improve the game process and reduce transaction costs.



16 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

KEY BENEFITS OF THE PLATFORM. WHY US?

KEY BENEFITS OF THE 
PLATFORM. WHY US?

6

Key benefi t: Unlike many other areas, blockchain technology is ideal for using in the fi eld of iGaming and 

solves most of the existing problems of the iGaming industry.

There are active users playing on our website already. 

Now several hundreds of playing users are registered on our platform;

Truegame is the only blockchain based iGaming project that fi rstly developed a working product, collected 

feedback [5] from professional community, improved the product, and prepared a marketing strategy to 

attract players. And only now the project is ready to reach a wide audience;

Our product is completely ready, and we are focused on improving and developing the project, not on initial 

development and solutions fi nding;

Unique content is one of the key factors for the success of online casinos, since most of them look the same 

and diff er only in color. We have done a lot of work to develop our own architecture, unique content and 

design, make it adaptive for most of mobile devices. We do not use White Label solutions of others, instead 

we created a strong solutions development department of our own;

Our platform is fully integrated - we have developed a unique architecture that allows us to quickly implement 

any game based on smart contracts, to add a payment system, to integrate third-party services and provide 

White Label iGaming solutions to other market participants;

Truegame is the project that went beyond the players of the crypto industry and is oriented on a huge 

audience of classical iGaming and lottery players;

We have a strong development department;

We are the only ones who have ever implemented scratchcards based on smart contracts:

 1st Crypto Scratch-off 

 Crypto Space Battle

 Good Luck Meme

 Old School Scratch-off 

 Code me Scratch-off 

 Crypto Legends

Only we realized smart contract prize draws;

We are launched an analog of a classical German 6/49 Lottery based on smart contract;



17

KEY BENEFITS OF THE PLATFORM. WHY US?

MORE SMART CONTRACT BASED GAMES ARE SOON TO COME:
The analogues of the popular lotteries - Blockchain Ball Lotto and Euromillions 

Crypro Millions Lotto with a Jackpot up to $1,000,000 (the equivalent of this amount in the TGAME 

tokens). The fi nal amount of the Jackpot depends on many factors, and can be signifi cantly less.

GiftBox game - guess which box has the prize

Smart Roulette - the roulette fully implemented on a smart contract

According to our Roadmap, by the end of 2018 Truegame plans to release more than 30 new games [3];

We already have a working mobile application available on Google Play (alpha version).

KEY INDICATORS:
high level of project implementation

small amount of funds to be raised under the token crowdsale

unique games

unique fl exible architecture

great thoughtful Roadmap

specialists on traffi  c attraction in the team of the project

a strong development department 

top e-mail marketing specialist in the team of the project

The most complex stage of the project (product development) has been already implemented, and we are 

ready to market expansion;

All our games are completely transparent (open code is available on Github [4]), the results almost can 

not be manipulated, and the winning is instantly sent to the player balance in the TGAME tokens by the 

smart contract itself;



18 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

KEY BENEFITS OF THE PLATFORM. WHY US?

The project is registered in a jurisdiction of Costa Rica with a registration number #3-102-747491 in the 

National Registry of Costa Rica;

BENEFITS FOR THE PLAYERS:
Equal chances for each player. The game is based on random combinations obtained from blockchain system. 

They are safe and can not be changed. The player’s winning depends solely on luck and mathematical 

probability;

One hundred percent safety. Blockchain technology uses a new approach to confi dentiality. A public registry 

does not contain any personal information, however, it stores all available data about the game;

The product is very attractive for players, because it has many advantages, such as:

Low transaction cost

The absence of a minimum deposit amount for depositing via TGAME tokens

Instant winnings payments

Clear chances of winning

Low house edge percentage

The house edge of Truegame is lower than in the most of classic online casinos - it is included in smart 

contracts of the games and can be checked by the players, and the probability of a winning is indicated in the 

game conditions and can also be checked, since the smart contract code is publicly available on Github [4];

The results of the games, as well as the process of the games can be fully monitored where it is technically 

possible (for example, in case of lotteries) and one can see the fairness of the games.



19

COMPARISON OF TRUEGAME AND OTHER MARKET PLAYERS

COMPARISON 
OF TRUEGAME AND 
OTHER MARKET 
PLAYERS

7

TRUEGAME 
is the fully integrated platform for online iGaming based on smart contracts. Hundreds of users are already 

playing the world’s fi rst smart contract scratchcards, participating in prize draws and lottos based on the 

technology of blockchain.

LOTTOLAND
is both the fastest growing and the world’s leading online lotto company. Customers from across the world 

are able to bet on over 30 diff erent lottery products and win the same huge jackpots of the underlying draw.

FUNFAIR 
is a decentralized platform for the casino based on Ethereum, which unites casino operators, game 

developers, partners and players in its open entertainment space.

TRUEFLIP 
is a lottery platform based on blockchain technology.

SMARTBILLIONS 
is a decentralized lottery managed by an Ethereum smart contract.



20 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

COMPARISON OF TRUEGAME AND OTHER MARKET PLAYERS

Truegame Lottoland FunFair TrueFlip SmartBillions
Architecture decentralized centralized decentralized Partly decentral-

ized
decentralized

Product readiness 
before the token 
crowdsale

Full n/a Development 
stage

MVP MVP

Curent readiness 
of the product

Full Full Demo Only 2 lotteries Only 1 lottery

Balance deposit Through TGAME 
token

All available 
methods

Demo Token, via third 
party inconve-

nient

ETH only

Commissions low, included into 
house edge

high, included 
into  house edge

paid by a client low, paid by a 
client

Transparency smart contract not transparent smart contract partly transpar-
ent, no smart 

contract

smart contract

Jackpot provision Guaranteed by 
smart contract

impossible to 
verify,

periodically 
checked by regu-

lators

Demo Not guaranteed 
by smart contract

Guaranteed by 
smart contract

Winning payment Smart contract Operator Smart contract Website code Smart contract

Deposit via fiat 
currency

(planned, see 
Roadmap)

Demo

big commissions 
of a third party, 

unreliable

Payment speed Fast Payments of large 
sums are very 

difficult

Demo Reasonable, 1% 
of commission

Immediately

White Label solu-
tions (planned, see 

Roadmap)

Mobile App

Open source
Not fully realized

Deposit via cryp-
tocurrency (planned, see 

Roadmap)

available +/-
via third party

ETH only

Fast integration 
of new games

Multi game plat-
form

White label

Jurisdiction Costa Rica, 
plan to obtaining 

license

Group of compa-
nies in different 

jurisdictions

Group of compa-
nies in different 

jurisdictions

Costa Rica, 
no license

Jurisdiction is not 
determined,
no license

The comparison was conducted in December 2017. As can be seen from the comparison table, Truegame token has 

several signifi cant advantages over other players in the market.

?



21

TOKEN SALE

TGAME is a utility token released on Ethereum platform according to ERC20 standard. Total number of 
tokens released is 300,000,000. More tokens beyond this number will not to be released. Tokens allocated 
for the team will be hold for 12 months with subsequent release of not more than 5% of the total number 
of team tokens per month.

Token name: TGAME
The number of tokens to be issued: 300,000,000 TGAME
Total for sale: 70% of the total issue of tokens or 210,000,000 TGAME
Cryptocurrencies accepted: Ethereum (ETH), Bitcoin (BTC), Litecoin (LTC)
Soft cap: 2,300 ETH
Hard cap: 10,300 ETH
Token sale will be carried out in three stages: Private-sale, Pre-Sale, Main Sale

PRIVATE-SALE: 
Dates: 10.02.2018 — 04.03.2018
Hard cap in  Private-Sale: 31,450,000 TGAME
Minimum Buying Amount: 5 ETH

PRE-SALE:
Date Pre-Sale stage 1: 05.03.2018 — 18.03.2018
Date Pre-Sale stage 2: 19.03.2018 — 01.04.2018
Date Pre-Sale stage 3: 02.04.2018 — 15.04.2018
Minimum Buying Amount: 0.2 ETH
Bonus on the Pre-Sale Stage 1 is 40% to a price on Main Sale, 1 ETH = 12,950 TGAME (bonus included)
Bonus on the Pre-Sale Stage 2 is 30% to a price on Main Sale, 1 ETH = 12,025 TGAME (bonus included)
Bonus on the Pre-Sale Stage 3 is 20% to a price on Main Sale, 1 ETH = 11,100 TGAME (bonus included)

MAIN SALE:
Dates: 16.04.2018 — 30.04.2018
Price: 1 ETH = 9,250 TGAME
Minimum Buying Amount: 0.1 ETH
All the unsold tokens are burned.

The crowdsale will be performed in accordance with token purchase agreement as published and available 
on your website https://ico.truegame.io
Participants of crowdsale will have to undergo the KYC procedure, there are restrictions for participants 
from a number of countries.

Stage Date Price in ETH Bonus
Pre sale stage 1 05.03.2018 — 18.03.2018 1 ETH = 12950 40%

Pre sale stage 2 19.03.2018 — 01.04.2018 1 ETH = 12,025 30%

Pre sale stage 3 02.04.2018 — 15.04.2018 1 ETH = 11,100 20%

Main sale 16.04.2018 — 30.04.2018 1 ETH = 9,250 -

TOKEN SALE8



22 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

SECURITY

SECURITY9
We are very attentive to the security of our platform. Our infrastructure in its core is focused on the 

security of all interacting parties. Smart contracts and billing management in the environment of blockchain 

provide security to both the player and our platform.

Nevertheless, we fi nd it extremely important to have external security audit done by independent specialists 

and we contribute to this in every way.

Security audit: at the moment we are choosing a company with good expertise in the fi eld of Internet 

security and high competence in the fi eld of smart contracts security. This company will conduct an 

independent audit of our solutions.

Hackathon: we plan to run a Hackathon, which will be awarded with a valuable prize to everyone who 

fi nds vulnerabilities in our system or points to potential weaknesses in the security of our smart contracts. 

Safety of Jackpot: the TGAME tokens of the platform required for Jackpot payments will be stored on 

smart contracts that provide direct payment of winnings. During the audits and hackathon, special attention 

will be paid to protecting these TGAME tokens from unauthorized access through a smart contract. At 

the physical level, security is enabled through the use of a number of hardware wallets and multi signature 

wallets (we do not disclose in detail for security reasons).



23

TOKEN FUNCTION AND FUNDS DISTRIBUTION

TOKEN FUNCTION AND FUNDS 
DISTRIBUTION

10

TGAME utility token is the main component in the architecture and economy of Truegame. A token is 

required to make bets in games, to play games, to deposit the gaming balance.

A total of 300,000,000 TGAME tokens will be issued and they will be distributed as follows:

The reserve volume of tokens is frozen and will be used to raise additional funds for the development of 

the project.

The funds raised in the process of token sale will be distributed as follows:

Since the initial stage of product development is completed, most of the funds raised will be distributed to 

the Jackpots for games and active multi-channel attraction of players. Also a signifi cant part is allocated for 

legal support of the project.

TOKEN SALE

FUNDS DISTRIBUTION

Advisors 4.0%

Team 15.0%

Bounty 1.0%

Reserve 10.0%

Crowdsale 70.0%

Development 12.0%

Legal 10.0%

Jackpot 33.0%

Marketing 45.0%



24 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

FINANCIAL MODEL AND BUSINESS PLAN

FINANCIAL MODEL 
AND BUSINESS PLAN

11

We have made 3 basic fi nancial forecasts depending on the various budgets. Therefore

3 scenarios can be described with the following assumptions:

- As fi scal charges are not exactly determined at the moment, they aren’t considered for the Net Cash 

Flow calculation;

- Discount rate is agreed as 15% per annum;

- The 33% of the total collected funds are transferred directly to the Jackpot;

- The House edge is 14%.

These forecasts are made on the basis of ticket sales. We assume in these forecasts that the total sales 

may vary from 7 000 tickets per day to 110 000 tickets per day depending on the total budget. For the 1st 

Scenario the Marketing budget is estimated to be relatively moderate, from

60 to 80 thousand USD, for the 2nd Scenario Marketing and Advertising costs estimated from 100 to 120

thousand USD. For the 3rd and the most optimistic scenario we forecast to spend up to 150 thousand

USD.

Possible fi nancial scenarios are described in the Table 1.

Table 1. Financial Scenarios depending on the various budgets (in Thousand USD)

Scenario 1 Scenario 2 Scenario 3

Budgets 3 000 6 000 9 000

Total Sales in 2018 1 890 2 835 4 158

Total Sales in 2019 26 730 40 095 58 806

Total Sales in 2020 42 525 80 325 117 810

Estimated Market Share 
in 2020 (estimated the 
total Online IGaming 
Market apart from 
sports betting)

1.3% 2.7% 3.9%

Net Cash Flow (at the 
end of 2020)

7 345 14 831 23 118

Discounted Net Cash 
Flow (at the end of 
2020)

5 489 11 144 17 466

NPV 2 489 5 144 8 466

Figures and calculations are given as an example.
We do not guarantee the performance of any of the above scenarios



25

MARKETING STRATEGY

MARKETING 
STRATEGY

12

The presence of experienced specialists in the team will allow us to implement an multi-channel marketing 

campaign to attract players with a low lead cost. When implementing the strategy, we will rely on the 

experience of team members and their competence in performance and email marketing, as well as leads 

generation for iGaming projects.

THE MAIN EFFORTS WILL BE CONCENTRATED 
ON THE MARKETS OF THE FOLLOWING AREAS:
Europe
Asia
LATAM

ATTRACTION OF USERS PLAN TO CARRIED 
OUT THROUGH THE FOLLOWING CHANNELS:

Display advertising

Our competence allows us to build an internal media buying process for eff ective work with a various 

advertising networks. We plan to attract low-cost leads through media advertising, creating high-conversion 

funnels through separate thematic Landing pages.

Affi  liate Marketing

Using the accumulated experience and connections of our partners and team members, we will build 

partnerships with Affi  liate networks that will generate leads with the help of their webmasters network.

Also we will launch our internal affi  liate program. 

Email marketing

The main purpose of using email mailings in our strategy is to increase the conversion rate of other marketing 

channels. We plan to collect email addresses of potential players using Display Advertising or Affi  liate Marketing 

and build email communication with users.



26 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

MARKETING STRATEGY

Social Media Marketing

We will deploy the company’s representation and support not only in Facebook and Twitter, but also in 

such  thematic communities as: bitcointalk.com (iGaming section), Askgamblers, OnlineCasinoReports, 

IGamingforums, Casinomeister, Casinolistings, etc.

ONLINE STRATEGY MATRIX

For marketing and players attraction we will be allocating 45% of the collected funds.

SALES FUNNEL

STAGE 1

STAGE 2

STAGE 3

STAGE 4

STAGE 5

Multichannel attracting Display advertising Affi  liate marketing Social Media Marketing

Retain and build loyalty Email
Marketing

Improvement 
of the user experience

Retargeting 
campaigns

Drive revenue Transaction fee
optimization

Subscription 
to the games

Bonus 
for high rollers

Generation of income web traffi  c

Lead generation

Lead to balance

Involving the player

User
retention



27

ROADMAP

ROADMAP13
• Start of the project: goals defi nition, concept development, team formation

• Technical infrastructure creation: servers, Ethereum node, development environment  
• Platform server-side logic development

• Design development

• Technical implementation of interface design: adaptive layout,  client-side logic development

• Development of random number generator (RNG) based  on blockchain and smart contract

• Smart contract based prize drawing development  and its integration into a platform

• Smart contract based scratchcard development and its integration into a platform

• Smart contract based lotteries development (including Lotto 6/49)  
and their integration into a platform

• Utility token integration into a platform

• Implementation of Ethereum based Player’s balance system integrated into  a platform

 • Smart contract tests, platform tests

• The fi rst working version of a platform

• Launch of public version of a platform

• Website adjustments based on feedback from Bitcointalk professional community

A fully working website has been developed.
Truegame is the fully integrated platform for lotteries and games of chance based on 
smart contracts.

November 2016

JANUARY 2017

MARCH 2017

May 2017

DECEMber 2016

FEBRUARY 2017

APRIL 2017

JUNE 2017

AUGUST 2017

OCTOBER 2017

JULY 2017

SEPTEMBER 2017

NOVEMBER 2017

DECEMBER 2017

2017 RESULTS

OF THE YEAR



28 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

ROADMAP

ROADMAP
• Public release of Ethereum (Ropsten) Integration (TGAME token deposits/withdrawals tests)
• Platform audit (smart contracts audit, vulnerability scanning, security audit)

• Utility token public announcement and its limited Private sale

• Pre sale
• Mobile app on Google Play (Alpha version)
• Token crowdsale referral partner program launch
• Finalization of multilingual user interface (11 languages)

• Main sale
• Release of Crypto Legends scratch-off  game

• Gift Box game release
• Blockchain ball lottery release
• Crypto millions lottery release

• Card lottery release
• Extended billing system
• Dice game release
• Smart Roulette game release
• Slot games release
• Rock paper scissors game release
• Instant Lotto Duel release
• Popular cryptocurrencies integration: Litecoin, DASH, DOGECOIN and others 
• Mobile app Apple Store (not guaranteed, because the decision about publishing is made by Apple)
• Skrill Public release (in case of obtaining the necessary permission from the Regulator)
Note: as of December 1, 2017 integration of the payment system has been implemented but not 
yet activated for the Players.

• Neteller Public release (in case of obtaining the necessary permission from the Regulator)
Note: as of December, 21 2017 integration of the payment system has been implemented but not 
yet activated for the Players.

• The TGAME token listing on exchanges (The listing terms are not guaranteed as they are fully 
dependent on the exchange)

• Hilo Arcade Games
• Craps 
• Bingo lotto 
• Keno lotto
• Games subscription system
• Lotto mechanical draw machine controlled by smart contract
• Hackathon (Complex platform vulnerability testing)
• Start of the iGaming vertical (card games with the casino): Black jack

• The iGaming vertical: stage 2 (games between the Players): Poker Room

• The iGaming vertical: stage 3: Betting

• Release of the following games:
- Pontoon 
- Baccarat
• Chatroom

JANUARY 2018

MARCH 2018

FEBRUARY 2018

APRIL 2018

MAY 2018

JUNE 2018

JULY 2018

AUGUST 2018

SEPTEMBER 2018

OCTOBER 2018

It is diffi  cult to determine in advance the duration of 
execution of each of the items, therefore the timing of the 
implementation of the items can be changed



29

ROADMAP

• Release of the following games:
- Wheel of fortune 
- Crystal Ball 
- Pinball
- Crypto diamonds
- Coin fl ip
• API for third party services (White Label casino solution)

• Annual report

Plans for the year 2019 are surely there, but it will be too presumptuous to present them by stages 
and months. The main planned stages are:

• Multichannel marketing campaign
• Increase in customer base
• Expansion of the range of games
• Strengthening of the iGaming vertical

• Start of attracting classic online Players to the Platform
• Affi  lliate marketing (CPA)
• Multichannel advertising campaign
• E-mail marketing

DECEMBER 2018

NOVEMBER 2018

JANUARY 2019

YEAR 2019



30 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

ADVISORS

ADVISORS14

MATE TOKAY
COO Bitcoin.com

Mate Tokay is without question one of Bitcoin’s & Bitcoin Cash most 

active and vocal proponents. He is The Chief Operating Offi  cer at Bitcoin.

com the In 2012, he graduated from the International Business School in 

Budapest. After college, he helped launch Superior14 a food supplement 

company. Mate fi rst heard about Bitcoin in late 2012 and began bitcoin 

mining in mid-2013 using custom-built ASIC miners. Later he founded the 

Bitcoin news and review website called Bitcoinist. His goal and passion 

is to make cryptocurrencies as popular as possible. Also Mate was an 

Advisor at NAGA ICO.

ARVIND UPADHYAY 
Co-founder / COO at Glück Games

Arvind is an entrepreneur and angel investor who has previously co-

founded several successful companies such as Whow Games, 3LuckyGuys, 

Blue Terra Ventures, Glück Games, and Anchor Point Marketing. In 

the internet industry, he primarily focuses on Online Games (including 

iGaming), Blockchain-based businesses (as advisor and/or seed stage 

investor), and IT projects in India, the Middle East, and DACH regions. 

Apart from his own ventures, other companies where has held an active 

role in the past: Microsoft, Plinga, LeROI Marketing.

ANDREW CLARKE 
ex-Lottoland, Head of PR at The 

Multi Group

Andrew is a vastly experienced gaming professional who has spent more 

than a decade managing communications, content and public relations for 

some of the world’s biggest operators, including the likes of Lottoland, 

Betfred and The Multigroup. Andrew has created major above the 

line advertising campaigns, provided consultation on relationships with 

the world’s leading licensing bodies and acted as the gatekeeper for all 

communications for the last 3 organisations he has worked for.

EDUARDO MORALES-
HERMO 

Senior iGaming business 
consultant at Ficom Leisure

A 45-year experience businessman and having worked as executive in 

corporation management, product development and, for the last 10 

years, as advisor and consultant in the gaming industry. Eduardo has more 

than 15 years experience in online gaming, strategy planning, product 

and business development, implementation and restructuration of gaming 

corporations, regulation making for in-person and online gaming via 

interactive channels. He was CEO, General Director and stockholder 

of gaming corporations in several European countries and currently he 

works as Advisor and consultant at Intelligent Gaming Company, and has 

participated in more than 30 projects.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/matetokay/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/upadhyayarvind/
https://angel.co/arvind-upadhyay
https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrew-clarke-83683036/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/eduardo-morales-hermo-b985091b/


31

ADVISORS

BOGDAN FIEDUR 
Strategic blockchain consultant 

President of blockchainexperts.io. Full stack developer and entrepreneur. 

Since the beginning of 2016 involved in “Smart Contract” design and 

implementation for Ethereum using Solidity. Knowledgeable in all aspects 

of e-commerce website, back-end and front-end. Co-founded Bitjob and 

served as an advisor and core team member for projects like swarm.fund, 

paypie.com, mybit.io, socialX.network and auditchain.com

ESTEBAN VAN GOOR 
Legal & Strategic consultant

Esteban is a Hedge Fund Manager in the Crypto Asset space. Prior to this 

position he was a (tax) lawyer with Baker McKenzie, with a special focus 

on the VAT implications of bitcoin, blockchain, e-commerce and iGaming. 

He fi rst heard about bitcoin in 2012 and started researching about 

the tax implications of bitcoin (and blockchain technology). He wrote 

several articles about VAT and bitcoin (in combination with iGaming), 

and became a regular speaker on tax and legal matters at bitcoin and 

blockchain related conferences, amongst with the Blockchain Money, 

World Blockchain Forum and the iGaming Super Show. He also assisted 

with educating legislators about bitcoin and blockchain technology and 

provides guidance as an advisor with various tech (bitcoin/blockchain/

iGaming related) start-up companies, in relation to their ICOs and other 

legal related matters. His ultimate goal is to get people aware of the 

potential of bitcoin and blockchain technology and to help as much as he 

can to get this industry grow. In his free time Esteban likes to travel and 

of course read about crypto.

BENJAMIN FÖCKERSPERGER 
Co-Founder / CEO at Esports.com

Co-Founder at esports.com. Benjamin is a serial entrepreneur with over 10 

years of experience in establishing profi table businesses. His major areas of 

expertise lay in Business Development, Fundraising, and Entrepreneurship 

with a focus on internet businesses, gaming, property, and emerging 

technologies. He is currently privately doing angel investments, coaching 

as well as M&A consulting through his Föckersperger Ventures.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/bogdanfiedur/
https://angel.co/bogdan-fiedur
https://www.linkedin.com/in/estebanvangoor/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/benjaminfoeckersperger/
https://angel.co/benjamin-fockersperger


32 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

ADVISORS

ROBERT LENZHOFER 
Director of Gamevy,
CEO Glück Games

Robert is an experienced professional in the sphere of iGaming, 

currently he is CEO of  Glück Games and Director of Gamevy.

TEAM15

DMITRY SHCHUVATOV 
CMO

An experienced specialist in worldwide performance marketing with 10 

years of experience. The main competencies are leads generation for 

iGaming resources, analytics. His company Mediagiants in the past few 

years has attracted more than 500,000 leads for various companies in 

the fi eld of iGaming, mobile apps, mobile paid content and others. The 

overall advertising budget was more than $1m.

DMITRY DANILOV 
CEO

Dmitry has more than 15 years of experience in online sales with 

ottogroup.com - one of the world’s largest online retailers. Partnering 

with such online retailers as Otto, Quelle, Zalando, Klingel, Bonprix, 

3suisses, co-owner of catalogi.ru. Long-term investments in start-

ups and commercial real estate. Providing of CRM solutions. Has an 

extensive experience in building online businesses and managing a 

distributed team.

ADVISORS14

https://www.linkedin.com/in/robertlenzhofer/
https://angel.co/robert-lenzhofer
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitry-danilov-4b884464/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitrii-shchuvatov-55574446/


33

TEAM

DENIS SNITSEREV 
Head of affi  liate marketing

Affi  liate marketing and email mailing specialist. Due to his experience 

in attracting traffi  c and email marketing, already in 2014 he became the 

top 1 webmaster to attract traffi  c to Admitad - the largest ad network. 

His targeted traffi  c was directly purchased by such companies as: 

Wildberries, Aliexpress, Lamoda, KupiVip, Yves Rocher, Quelle, Otto, 

DocDoc and others.

LIUDMILA VARAVINA 
Head of communications

Liudmila has over 8 years of experience in managing large client projects 

in the spheres of advertising, digital marketing and big business events 

organization for such companies as Dell EMC, YIT, Directi (Mumbai, 

India) and Media Price.

SHIVANK SHEKHAR 
Blockchain developer

An entrepreneur at heart and a blockchain enthusiast with a 

demonstrated history of working in the computer software 

industry. Skilled in Python, VR/AR Production, Rust Programming, 

Ethereum, HMD design and Machine Learning. Also, a public speaker 

and previously a Developer Evangelist for Mozilla, BlockStack (a 

blockchain powered internet) and International VR/AR association. 

His best projects include projects like Self Driving Car, Autonomous 

Drone, Natmin Coin (ICO not yet done) and upcoming projects like 

Cancer Detection using Machine Learning. Shivang is also a skilled 3D 

web game developer and a trainer.

CARMEL SAID 
Affi  liate marketing consultant

With 11 years in the Online iGaming industry, Carmel Said is an Affi  liate 
Management consultant with a demonstrated history of experience 
in the iGaming and Casino industry. Specializing in anything Affi  liate 

Related, he excels in the setting up new Affi  liate Programs from scratch 
including Software choice, technical integration and implementation, 
media and microsite setup, campaign planning, training of staff  and 

introduction to key Affi  liates – the whole process from start to launch. 
Carmel is also a strong media and communication professional, highly 
skilled in Customer Acquisition, Online Poker, Online iGaming, VIP, 

and Casino Gaming. Amongst the companies Carmel has collaborated 
with are Sunderlands Online, Betsson, Bet3000, Club Gold Casino, 

BetConstruct, Vbet, Gaming1, GalaxyPig and StayBet.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/denis-snitserev-2a5290132/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/liudmila-varavina-33804936/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/shivang-shekhar-bb2b2780/
https://github.com/GeekyShiva
https://www.linkedin.com/in/csaid/


34 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

TEAM

VIKTOR PETUKHOV 
Algorithm Developer 

TATIANA MUNTEANU 
Project manager

Scientist-Mathematician. He worked as a developer 

of algorithms in Epam Systems. 

Now he is the algorithms researcher at Harvard Medical School.

Tatiana is high-class specialist in working with crypto-exchanges, she has 

a successful prior experience of token listing (for example, the token of 

Revain project)

NIKITA SHCHUVATOV 
Financial analyst 

Nikita spent more than 6 years working in fi nance for Heineken. At the 

moment he is working as a consultant in Long Term Partners consulting 

company based in Italy.

MIRLAN JELAMANOV 
Full stack web developer 

Mirlan is a professional web developer. His fi eld of competence includes 

PHP, JavaScript (ES-2015 +), Angular 2+ and Vue developer

https://github.com/vpetukhov
https://www.linkedin.com/in/tatiana-munteanu-095a24148/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/schuvatov/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mjelamanov/


35

TEAM

ALEKSEI SELEZNEV 
Front-end developer

VADIM GRINCHUK 
UX Designer

Founder at http://delarius-mikamuro.com/

Engaged in front-end development for more than 10 years, Aleksei 

successfully manages a team of coders, programmers and designers, and 

there are more than 1000 successfully working projects in his portfolio.

Founder at web-mosaica.art 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksey-seleznev/


36 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

RISKS

RISKS16
Regulatory risks of iGaming industry

The sphere of iGaming is under the close attention of the regulatory bodies, which constantly make changes 

and clarifi cations in the existing regulatory documents. We warn you that there is a risk that the project may 

not meet the new regulatory environment at a certain period of time.

Risks of external fraud

Scammers are extremely inventive in online iGaming, especially in poker. Hackers are constantly looking for 

weaknesses on online iGaming platforms. The open source algorithms of smart contracts are also attacked, 

so we can not exclude the risk that our platform will also be tried to get hacked.

Risks of the industry

We warn you that we do not guarantee that the project will receive a profi t suffi  cient for successful 

operations. The competition in online iGaming is very high.

Regulatory risks of blockchain industry 

The blockchain industry is in the initial stage of it regulation. Governments of countries are in the process 

of studying blockchain technology, and some countries impose restrictions (for example, the United States, 

China, South Korea). There are no legal documents regulating the crypto industry yet - the laws will appear 

later and can signifi cantly aff ect the activities of blockchain projects, including our project. We warn you that 

such laws can signifi cantly limit and even stop the project activity, we are not responsible for the negative 

consequences associated with the possible regulation of the industry in the future.

Financial risks

Contributions in cryptocurrency projects is a big risk, and you can lose all your money. Truegame tokens, 

like any other cryptocurrency, are subject to strong fl uctuations and may fall in value signif cantly. We are 

not responsible for any f uctuations in the value of the token on exchanges. We do not guarantee that there 

will be an opportunity to exchange Truegame tokens for fi at. Governments can invent laws that will obligate 

paying taxes from Truegame tokens. Truegame tokens can be used only to play on the truegame.io platform, 

they do not grant you the right of voting or ownership in Truegame. Truegame project does not guarantee 

any income, you can incur signifi cant losses.



37

CONCLUSION

CONCLUSION17
We tried to describe the Truegame project, its strengths, features and advantages in the most complete and 

detailed manner. Of the many advantages, in conclusion, we would highlight the following main ones:

Unique content is one of the key factors of the success of iGaming products. All Truegame gaming content 

is unique, design and code is developed by the company itself or exclusively by Truegame contractors.

Low house edge percentage.

Truegame is the fully implemented smart contract based iGaming project ever coming on token crowdsale, 

which collected positive feedback from Crypto and professional community.

The following advantages of the project were noted by professionals of the iGaming industry:

Even in the mainstream non-crypto 

world, there are only a handful of 

websites that provide a complete off ering 

of lotto, scratchcards, instant wins, raffl  es, 

and more to their customers. Truegame 

is the fi rst to introduce the complete 

package of all the above and more to the 

blockchain and has a very good chance 

to become the central hub of blockchain-

based gaming.

ARVIND UPADHYAY 
Founder Glück Games, ex-

Microsoft, Plinga

Truegame.io platform - a bright idea of 

combining smart contracts and iGaming, 

which represents a great futuristic 

contribution to the i-gaming, introducing 

innovative new concepts which are a 

novelty in the industry through a unique 

smart contract-enabled platform. 

Truegame is pioneering in the use of 

smart contracts in games like lotteries, 

dice and scratch-cards.

Truegame’s innovative platform ensures 

complete transparency for players, with 

the results of each game verifi able 

in the blockchain open registry and 

winnings automatically distributed. Every 

single game is based on totally random 

combinations that are secure and cannot 

be manipulated. I believe Truegame’s 

pioneering new platform is about to change 

the way people gamble online forever.

EDUARDO MORALES-HERMO 
over 20 years 
in the iGaming

ANDREW CLARKE 
ex-Lottoland, Betfred, 

Multilotto.com



38 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

DISCLAIMER

DISCLAIMER18
The ownership of Truegame tokens (TGAME) does not represent any participation in Truegame capital nor 

any  rights of payment, remuneration, profi t distribution or money reward of any kind.

This Whitepaper has been prepared in good faith to provide a comprehensive overview of the Truegame 

Project and TGAME Token Crowdsale and is for information purposes only. With the development of 

Truegame platform and its services, it may be amended in the following, as the Crowdsale progresses. Please 

also note that the Truegame Project itself may be redesigned/reshaped in future, if that would be required 

for any material reasons (including, but not limited to: commercial considerations, technical possibilities, or 

the need to ensure compliance with any (existing or future) applicable laws and regulations, or any other 

material reasons).    

TGAME tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper does not 

constitute a prospectus or off er document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an off er of securities 

or a solicitation for investments in securities in any jurisdiction. The contents of this Whitepaper are not 

a fi nancial promotion. Therefore, none of the contents of this Whitepaper serves as an invitation or 

inducement to engage in any sort of investment activity.

For participation in this token Crowdsale, do not contribute any money that you can’t aff ord to lose. Make 

sure you read and understand this Whitepaper and TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PARTICIPATING IN 

THE TRUEGAME TOKEN SALE (including all warnings regarding possible token value, technical, regulatory 

and any other risks; as well as all disclaimers contained therein), as published on our website https://ico.

truegame.io/  (and as they may be amended from time to time).

For any questions regarding token Crowdsale or Truegame services please contact us via e-mail at address 

support@truegame.io.



39

REFERENCES

[1] Global Mobile iGaming Market 2017-2021. Source: https://www.
researchandmarkets.com/reports/4436173/global-mobile-gambling-
market-2017-2021

[2] Golder, Scott, Donath, Judith. “Hiding and revealing in online 
poker games”. Source: http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?
doi=10.1.1.72.3956&rep=rep1&type=pdf

[3] Truegame Roadmap. Source: https://ico.truegame.io/docs/
roadmap.pdf

[4] Truegame Github. Source: https://github.com/truegame

[5] Feedback from professional community on Bitcointalk. Source: 
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2577983

[6] Global Online iGaming Market - By Type, Device, Region - 
Market Size, Demand Forecasts, Industry Trends and Updates 
(2016-2022). Source: https://www.businesswire.com/news/
home/20170928005702/en/Global-Online-Gambling-Market-2017-
2022---Research

[7] https://www.statista.com/statistics/248655/segmentation-of-
online-gambling-mark

[8] Online Lottery: The Business Opportunity for 2016. Source: 
http://www.igamingbusiness.com/press/online-lottery-business-
opportunity-2016 

[9] Global Online iGaming and Betting Market Size, Market Share, 
Application Analysis, Regional Outlook, Growth Trends, Key Players, 
Competitive Strategies and Forecasts, 2017 to 2025 Source: https://
www.researchandmarkets.com/reports/4431736/global-online-
gambling-and-betting-market-size#relb0

[10] Top 6 Vendors in the Online Lottery Market in China. Source: 
https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160812005210/en/
Top-6-Vendors-Online-Lottery-Market-China

[11] Global Online iGaming Market 2017-2021
Source: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-online-
gambling-market-2017-2021-300518420.html

[12] https://www.statista.com/topics/3660/gambling-industry-in-
europe/

[13] Global Online iGaming Market - By Type, Device, Region 
- Market Size, Demand Forecasts, Industry Trends and Updates 
(2016-2022). Source: https://www.businesswire.com/news/
home/20170928005702/en/Global-Online-Gambling-Market-2017-
2022---Research

[14] iGaming industry in Europe - Statistics & Facts. Source: https://
www.statista.com/topics/3660/gambling-industry-in-europe/

[15] Global Online iGaming and Betting Market Size, Market Share, 
Application Analysis, Regional Outlook, Growth Trends, Key Players, 
Competitive Strategies and Forecasts, 2017 to 2025 Source: https://
www.researchandmarkets.com/reports/4431736/global-online-
gambling-and-betting-market-size#relb0

[16] Global Online iGaming Market 2017-2021
Source: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-online-
gambling-market-2017-2021-300518420.html

[17] Global Mobile iGaming Market 2017-2021 report, Source: 
https://www.researchandmarkets.com/reports/4436173/global-
mobile-gambling-market-2017-2021

[18] Gaming Meets Ethereum To Deliver Zero House Edge, Trust 
to Online Casinos. Source: https://cointelegraph.com/news/gaming-
meets-ethereum-to-deliver-zero-house-edge-trust-to-online-casinos

[19] The future of online iGaming: Ethereum smart contracts. 
Source: http://www.maltatoday.com.mt/sponsored/sponsored/83457/
the_future_of_online_gambling_ethereum_smart_contracts

[20] Golder, Scott, Donath, Judith. “Hiding and revealing in online 
poker games”. Source: http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?
doi=10.1.1.72.3956&rep=rep1&type=pdf

[21] Do casinos cheat? https://www.quora.com/Do-casinos-cheat

[22] About Us, Etherscan. Source: https://etherscan.io/aboutus

[23] Secure online gaming – How online casinos keep you safe 
online. Source: https://knowtechie.com/secure-online-gaming-how-
online-casinos-keep-you-safe-online/

[24] Revain (R) price, charts, market cap, and other metrics, Source: 
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/revain/

[25] FunFair (FUN) price, charts, market cap, and other metrics, 
Source: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/funfair/

[26] Edgeless (EDG) price, charts, market cap, and other metrics, 
Source: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/edgeless/

[27] TrueFlip (TFL) price, charts, market cap, and other metrics. 
Source: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/truefl ip/

[28] DAO.Casino (BET) price, charts, market cap, and other metrics. 
Source: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/dao-casino/

REFERENCES19



40 TRUE GAME www.truegame.io

FOLLOW AND CONTACT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA

FOLLOW AND
CONTACT US ON
SOCIAL MEDIA

20

https://t.me/truegame_chat
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2947906.0
https://twitter.com/truegameSRL
https://www.facebook.com/truegame.io/
https://www.youtube.com/c/truegame_io
https://www.instagram.com/truegame.io/
https://www.reddit.com/user/truegamesrl/
https://github.com/truegame
mailto:support@truegame.io



