








































Microsoft Word - Vevue Utility Token.docx


1 
 

 



2 
 

VEVUE 
 

A QTUM BASED P2P INCENTIVISED VIDEO NETWORK 
Feat. Utility token for copyrighting and exchanging content 

 
 
 

VERSION 5. AUGUST  30, 2017 
 
 

Abstract 
 

Vevue is developing a future for protecting and monetizing video experiences. Today’s video 
market, live or recorded, is distributed in multiple forms across various desktop and mobile 
platforms. Cross platform virality and rampant copyright infringement impose on the ability for 
content creators to retain control and benefit from their intellectual property. The blockchain 
and smart contracts are new means to organize this chaotic market.   

 

Vevue DAPP is a decentralized Utility Token for copyright tracking and video exchange based 
on Blockchain. Users exchange incentive based Vevue Requests thru the mobile app to earn 
Vevue Token (“VEVUE”). Pin any amount of VEVUE to any location and attach a short 
message. Receive video content in return.  

Users can also use VEVUE as utility token for decentralized video copyright exchange. 
Copyright information is stored on the Qtum blockchain. Content creators can retain or transfer 
their copyright using Vevue Copyright Wallet. 

 

Vevue makes no promise or guarantee about the future value of Vevue Tokens. Generally, participants in this ICO 
donate funds to the Vevue Foundation and receive a grant of Vevue Tokens, without any expectation of future 
profit. Vevue does not actively target any jurisdiction in marketing the ICO, other than Singapore. Per advice of 
reputable advisors, Vevue Tokens do not constitute "securities" under relevant U.S. securities law.  
 
 
 
Team 



3 
 

 
Thomas Olson | Founder, CEO, Community Manager 
Thomas has ten years of entrepreneurial experience founding successfully funded mobile 
apps and a multi-million dollar grossing digital retail business. 
 
Xiangyu Meng | Co-Founder, CTO 
Xiangyu a.k.a. Codeeer, is an ACM International Collegiate Programming Silver medalist. 
He is the driving force behind Vevue's innovations into the blockchain world.   
 
Kathrine Reyes | Creative Lead 
Kathrine is a multidisciplinary designer with over a decade of brand development experience 
for various Fortune 500 companies. Her focus is helping bridge the translation gap between 
blockchain projects and the public.  
 
Haoze Lee | iOS Developer 
 
Tianqi Zou | Web Developer 
 
Pengsheng Cui | Finance  

 
 
Current Partnerships 
 

Quantum  
In exchange for 10 million Vevue Tokens, our team entered into an incubation period at 
Qtum’s Shanghai headquarters in Summer 2017.  The incubation period includes, office 
space, smart contract support, and guidance as we transition into a functioning DAPP under 
DAO operation. Vevue uses Qtum’s Blockchain for creating Vevue Tokens and recording 
each video’s copyright. Qtum’s mobile smart contracts power Vevue Requests. 
 
CoMakery  
CoMakery is a Ethereum Blockchain based platform for tokenized project collaboration. 
Vevue was a alpha/beta tester in the projects development. Through this partnership, Vevue 
distributes Vevue Tokens to the community in exchange for tasks completed that aid in the 
development of our project.  
 
 
 
Qbao 
Qbao is a Qtum blockchain based digital wallet and chat DApp, headquartered in China. The 



4 
 

Vevue + Qbao partnership aims to expedite the development of wallet integration and cross-
platform user acquisition. An exclusive Paywall feature in both mobile apps will allow users 
to utilize either Vevue token or Qbao token for seamless in-app transactions.  
 
Nper 
Nper is blockchain copyright/ IP protection project out of Korea. The Vevue + Nper 
partnership promises a focus on the technical development for blockchain video copyright 
protection.  

 
Advisors 
 

Kendrick Nguyen is the Founder & CEO of Republic, a retail investment crowdfunding 
platform for both equity fundraising and ICO financing. He was previously General Counsel 
of AngelList and is an active advisor of CoinList. Kendrick has advised a number of noted 
ICOs, and has been working closely with federal regulators, lawyers and think tanks to 
develop a consistent regulatory framework for US-based ICOs and token exchange. 
 
Noah Thorp is the Founder & CEO of CoMakery, a platform for blockchain token 
administration utilizing smart contracts. Noah’s background as VP of Engineering for 
SharesPost and Nasdaq Private Market’s private stock trading systems, as well as leading 
blockchain development efforts for fortune 100 companies, supports his ability to provide 
incisive review and advice on technical aspects of white papers and ICO crowdsale systems. 
 
Tony Lai, is the Co-founder & CEO of Legal.io, a platform for legal empowerment that 
drives down the costs of legal support in specific verticals. Tony was previously a technology 
lawyer in a major international firm, before joining the founding team of StartX, the Stanford 
startup accelerator. Tony co-leads the Blockchain Group at the CodeX Stanford Center for 
Legal Informatics, and together with Noah, co-organizes the SF chapter of LegalHackers, 
where they have been running a series of blockchain and ICO-related panels, events, and 
hackathons. 
 

Sun Ruoyu, is Qbao Co-Founder/COO, a fellow Qtum based DApp wallet and social 
messaging exchange. Nathan has ten years of China IT & Internet experience and has served 
as head of multiple popular projects. 

 
Table of contents 
 

 



5 
 

1.0  Introduction 
1.1 About Vevue Foundation 
1.2 Token Distribution 
Disclaimer 
2.0 Utility Token smart contract Key features 
  Original Wallet 
  Vevue Request 
   Airdrop Requests 
   User Requests 
  Copyright Wallet 
  Creating more Requests from Transaction fee  
  Sinks - Burning Tokens 
3.0 Vevue Request Use Cases 
  Content Creation 
  Business Promotion 
  Travel  
4.0 Technology    

Channel     
Kernel Functions  

5.0 Roadmap 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

1.0  Introduction 
 

"In 2015 Uber, the world's largest taxi company owns no vehicles, Facebook the world's most 
popular media owner creates no content, Alibaba the most valuable retailer has no 



6 
 

inventory, and Airbnb the world's largest accommodation provider owns no real estate."* 
 

Through collaboration and value distribution, decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs) 
will be just as disruptive to the above-centralized business models. Building on the blockchain 
provides us a new set of tools to change our evolutionary course.   

  

Vevue will distribute Vevue Token throughout the world in exchange for answering Vevue 
Requests, building a monetized video database and API to power this new revolution.  Properly 
monetized, the database will create a loop of incentivized video Requests for the community to 
answer. By tethering with virtual reality devices like Oculus, Vevue can bring Google Street 
View to life and become the primary outlet for user-generated video experiences.  

  

The DAO model is the business model of the future that best distributes the value created by 
these new technologies. This paper showcases Vevue as a Blockchain based solution for 
reorganizing how video ownership and creation is published, tracked and exchanged. Over the 
coming months, we will open-source our technology, release our API, and begin issuing Vevue 
Token. 

 

Join our slack and help our community build a shared vision. Vevue Beta is available for 
download on Android and iOS.  

 
 
*citation: The battle for the Customer Interface, Tom Goodwin, techcrunch, http://techcrunch.com/2015/03/03/in-the-age-of-disintermediation-the-battle-is-all-for-the-customer-interface 

 
1.1  About Vevue Foundation 
 

Vevue Foundation is a non-profit registered in Singapore.  Our software includes the 
centralized apps for Android, iOS and webview, and the decentralized applications; Vevue 



7 
 

Token and DAPP.  We are pragmatic in our approach to building Vevue into a fully 
functioning DAPP and DAO.  The Foundation was created to fund, guide, and fulfill this 
vision.   

 

1.2 Token Distribution - 100 million VEVUE 
 

A multi-angle distribution of Vevue Token (“VEVUE”) gears towards accessing the full 
potential of utility tokens within a network community system.   

 

We will distribute 51 million VEVUE during our ICO period.  Our first distribution begins in 
June 2017.  In exchange for 10 million VEVUE (5 million reserved for Airdrop Requests) 
Qtum is providing BTC, advisory support, and Shanghai office space.  In July, we secured 
$50,000 for one million VEVUE during a friends and family round.   

 
 

ICO - 51 million 
 

●  10 million valued @$0.025 - Incubation with Qtum team 
○  5 million reserved for “Online Reward/Airdrop Requests” 
○  Longer you’re online the more you earn 
○  Scaling distribution (each time user base doubles, reward halves) 

●  1 million valued @$0.05 - $50,000 Family/Friends round 
● October 28th  

○ 40 million  
■ 1 QTUM = 100 Vevue Tokens 
■ Starting block: 35,000 
■ Ending block: 90,000 
■ Smart contract address: 

9d3d4cc1986d81f9109f2b091b7732e7d9bcf63b 
 
 
 
 
After our ICO period concludes we will begin distribution of mined Vevue Token. Mining 
VEVUE has similarities to Pokemon GO or a scavenger hunt. Our algorithm will airdrop 
Vevue Requests to millions of popular locations around the world. All Vevue users are invited 
to participate in answering the Requests. The videos are monetized and packaged into an API 
intended for integration on crowd-based review sites such as Yelp and Google Local. We also 



8 
 

offer a Chrome Extension that places reviews on corresponding location profile pages.   
 
The mined token distribution also includes CoMakery awards. Vevue is an open-source 
community project. Interested parties can contribute to the project and earn Vevue Tokens 
issued on the CoMakery platform. An open task list is available on the Vevue website. Anyone 
can apply to complete a task; contributions range from simple to complex. The five million 
VEVUE reserved for distribution on CoMakery are incremental for recruiting skill sets to help 
transition into a DAO.   
 
The below figures represent an approximate distribution table of 30 million mined VEVUE. 
The number of Requests created may be subject to change as the value of VEVUE fluctuates.   
 

30 Million - Mined Tokens with Airdrop Requests 
●  Beta testing  

○  5 million  
○  1 Request = .5 token  
○  10,000,000 videos added to database  

●  Live - scaling distribution 
○  20 million  
○  1 Request = .25 tokens (subject to change) 
○  80,000,000+ videos added to database  

●  Requests & Awards on CoMakery 
○  5 million  

 
Any uploaded video content corresponds to an individual copyright contract published on the 
Qtum blockchain. Content creators hold VEVUE in a scaled distribution per contract in their 
respective user Copyright Wallet.  
 

Copyright & Investment Wallet reserve - 9 million 
●  Tokens distributed to users Copyright Wallet as video is created 
●  Scaling distribution: Each time video database doubles award halves 
●  Investment reserve for future partnerships 

 
 
 
Investments by founding members will be distributed from the remaining ten million VEVUE. 
These tokens have a six month lockup period, beginning the day our ICO closes.   

FOUNDING TEAM(S) - INVESTMENT TO DATE 

● 3,950,000 - Thomas Olson 



9 
 

● 3,950,000 - Xiangyu Meng 
● 500,000 - Whizpool 
● 500,000 - Joshua Mix 
● 500,000 - Kathrine Reyes 
● 400,000 - Haoze Lee 
● 100,000 - Pengsheng Cui 
● 100,000 - Tianqi Zou 

 
Vevue makes no promise or guarantee about the future value of Vevue Tokens. Generally, 
participants in this ICO donate funds to the Vevue Foundation and receive a grant of Vevue 
Tokens, without any expectation of future profit. Vevue does not actively target any jurisdiction 
in marketing the ICO, other than Singapore. Per advice of reputable advisors, Vevue Tokens do 
not constitute "securities" under relevant U.S. securities law.  
 

 
2.0 Utility Token Smart Contract Key Features 
 

Vevue Token (“VEVUE”), created on Qtum, plays a unique role in this new marketplace. 
Qtum is an open-source, blockchain-based, distributed computing platform oriented towards 
mobile smart contracts. As a distributed virtual machine, Qtum allows end users to construct 
mobile smart contracts for transactions. Smart contracts are stateful applications stored in the 
Qtum blockchain. These contracts are cryptographically secure and can verify or enforce 
performance of the contract. Token contracts are a standard feature of the Qtum ecosystem.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Original Wallet 

The primary VEVUE wallet functions like most other original wallets. Your VEVUE balance 
will be reflected here. 

 

 



10 
 

 

 
 

 

 

Vevue Requests 

A. Airdrop Requests 
Our algorithm will airdrop VEVUE at high traffic locations across the globe. The pins and 
videos created will serve a purpose of adding value to our API.   

 

B. User Requests 

Vevue Requests funded and placed on the Vevue map by users or businesses.   

 



11 
 

 
Copyright wallet 

Each time a user uploads a video our system will deliver a token to the users copyright wallet.  
This transaction contains a stream of information that is recorded to Qtum’s blockchain;  

-copyright 

-video uploader 

-upload time 

-upload location 

-more...   

The transfer of copyright to the user is the transfer of this record from the current copyright 
owner to the new copyright owner.  

 

 Scaling distribution of copyright Tokens 

●  x starting number then reward halves each time video database doubles 
●  recycle old copyrights into new distribution  

 

 

 

 



12 
 

 
 

Creating more Requests from Transaction fee 

Each Request and copyright generates an X amount transaction fee that is collected and 
delivered to our “fee pool."  More Requests generate anytime pool reaches X amount.   

 

Sinks - Burning Tokens (Vitalik on sinks) 

Vevue Tokens are burned during two occasions.    

- Vevue’s API is monetized and earns BAT (Basic Attention Token).  BAT is converted 
to Vevue Tokens.  x% VEUVE creates more Requests and x% VEVUE is burned. 

- x% VEVUE is burned from fee pool at x rate during given timeline.  
 

 
 

 
 
3.0 Vevue Use Case Scenarios 
 

Vevue is free to download and use. Make videos, earn tokens anywhere in the world. All users 
can participate in in-app rewards, airdrop and the request exchange. Answering Requests is 



13 
 

open to all users within the geographical limit of the pin. 

 

Content Creation 

Vevue Smart Contract on the Qtum blockchain is transparent, permanent, unlimited storage. 
Paired with copyright signatures original to each video, Vevue is an original content releasing 
platform. Transparency of the entire chain of work, copyright control, and exchange provides 
users with complete protection.  

Professionals can become verified users to avail of special features such as self-initiated 
monetization and crowdfunded requests.  

Vevue is tailored to benefit many different types of content creators: 

1. Film and Video Production Professionals: Vevue mobile app provides video 
professionals with a new network to find, collaborate, and share work. Vevue enables 
independent producers to launch on the blockchain through custom user-initiated 
monetization. Integration with communication platforms like WeChat or Slack opens 
up new possibilities to earn money and connect new people. 

2. Extreme Sport Enthusiasts: From wearable cameras (i.e. GoPro) to drones to VR360, 
content creators can upload their experiences in an even more meaningful way. Viewers 
are part of an even more immersive experience from this group of content creators. 
Custom requests for each type of video recording device are available and Vevue’s 
multiplatform support makes uploading a seamless experience for creators.   

3. Insiders and Industry Experts: Vevue is a great exposure platform for articulate verbal 
communicators, no matter what the industry. Video marketing fosters engagement and 
can lead generation for all types of businesses.  By 2019, global consumer Internet 
video traffic will account for 80% of all consumer Internet traffic (Source: 
SmallBiztrends, 2016).  

4. Bloggers: We value individuals with unique perspectives who are pioneering in the 
blockchain space. Self-initiated monetization for Vevues provides bloggers a way to 
earn micro-crypto payments.  

 

Business Promotion 

Influence marketing is now the key to garnering a brand cult following. Pin incentivized 
requests at your business or event to help grow your customer base.  Videos can range from 
short reviews to commercials or even documentaries.  We see many unique opportunities 
created when using requests for business.   

 

Travel 



14 
 

There are many uses cases to enhance your travel experience. 

1. Find out how long the lines are, in real-time, before you get there. Save time and money 
by using the Vevue app. Requesting a Vevue at a restaurant to see the real-time 
ambiance or at an event to see the crowd can help you be prepared for arrival at your 
destination. 

2. Connect with Like-minded Travelers. Maybe you’re an adventurous traveler who seeks 
out the best street food at night market alleyways. Or perhaps you love to see the sights 
but opt to take comfort in a reliable continental breakfast. Whatever your travel style 
may be, Vevue can help you make the most of your experiences.   
Metadata from each uploaded Vevue enriches user profiles to connect people with 
similar interests. If you are traveling to a different city or country, Vevue can connect 
you with profiles of local users who have found that perfect street cart barbeque or that 
comforting hotel buffet.  

3. Travel without leaving the comfort of your home. Users can initiate custom Requests, to 
contract professional videographers to host tours anywhere in the world. Our 
algorithms will match the best-qualified videographers based on Request needs. 

 

The Vevue Live feature allows users to live broadcast events. Through user-initiated 
monetization, followers can contribute Vevue token to the broadcast as they see fit.  

 

Breaking International Barriers 

Many of the most popular apps are not allowed in China and other countries. Vevue has an 
advantage with our development team in China. We are familiar with Chinese market and  
believe this fosters good international relations. 

 

 

 

 

 

4.0 Technology 
 

Channels 
Vevue has three channels in parallel. 
- social communication channel 
- video core information channel 
- smart contract blockchain channel for marking user wallet and video copyright recording. 



15 
 

 

Kernel Functions 

Vevue has multiple methods for inputting video, and we support different methods for different 
demands.  Now we support Android, iOS and Web client..  Vevue core function will calculate 
and split to group with AI technology. 

 
 

 

We are committed to continually updating and maintaining seamless architecture using high-
speed systems with minimal energy consumption. We built three layouts for underlying 
structure and supported stable service. 

 



16 
 

 
 

Vevue has opportunities working with Qtum for deep cooperation in Blockchain and Smart 
Contracts.  Combining a modified Bitcoin Core infrastructure with an indecomposable version 
of the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM), Qtum merges the reliability of Bitcoins unfailing 
blockchain with the endless possibilities provided by smart contracts.  Designed with stability, 
modularity and interoperability in mind, Qtum is the foremost toolkit for building trusted 
decentralized applications, suited for real-world, business oriented use cases. Its hybrid nature, 
in combination with a first-of-its-kind PoS consensus protocol, allow Qtum applications to be 
compatible with major blockchain ecosystems, while providing native support for mobile 
devices and IoT appliances. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vevue will be built to use Qtum core, a solidity DAO framework and web-based DAPP.  



17 
 

Vevue will use Blockchain technology for Unicom Recharge Entrance, which makes the 
recharging with no limitation. Vevue supports a variety of methods for recharging, including 
virtual currency, bank card and social app entrance. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



18 
 

 
 


