







































0 
 

 

 

White Paper v 0.9 

VINchain 
DECENTRALIZED VEHICLE 

HISTORY 

 

February 23th, 2018  



1 
 

Contents 
 

The Problem ....................................................................................................... 2 

The Solution: VINchain ....................................................................................... 3 

Project Goals ....................................................................................................... 7 

Project Objectives ............................................................................................... 7 

VINchain Team .................................................................................................... 8 

VINchain Advisors ............................................................................................. 16 

How It Works .................................................................................................... 26 

VINchain App .................................................................................................... 29 

Technical  Breakdown ....................................................................................... 41 

Data Storage and Access................................................................................... 52 

Usage in B2B ..................................................................................................... 54 

Usage in B2C ..................................................................................................... 55 

Sample Report .................................................................................................. 56 

Market Review .................................................................................................. 56 

Business Model ................................................................................................. 59 

Road Map .......................................................................................................... 60 

ICO Results ........................................................................................................ 63 

Distribution Pattern of Tokens: ........................................................................ 64 

 



2 
 

The Problem  

The problem is captured and explained by Nobel prize winning economist 

George Akerlof in his 1970 paper, "The Market for 'Lemons': Quality 

Uncertainty and the Market Mechanism". In the paper he describes the 

mechanics of markets where one party (the sellers) know significantly more 

about the product than the other party (the buyers). This is also known as 

"markets with asymmetric information".  

The used car market is an example of this. When selling a car, the seller 

typically knows significantly more about the vehicle than the buyer. This is a 

problem for the buyer as it opens them up to potential fraud. To hedge 

against the risk of buying a so-called ‘bad’ car, they reduce the price they’re 

willing to pay for the vehicle. This could lead to the entire used car market to 

disappear.  

Here's how it happens: 

o A buyer cannot fully distinguish a good car from a bad one, so they 

lower the amount they are willing to pay for the vehicle to 

compensate for possible unknown risks. This reduces the average price 

of the vehicle. 



3 
 

o This leads to higher priced ‘good’ cars to leave the market, 

deteriorating the overall quality of the secondary market. 

o The repercussion is a further reduction in price of available vehicles. As 

a result, ‘medium’ quality cars are also pushed out of the market.  

o If the cycle continues the quality of available cars will continue to 

deteriorate until the buyers pull out of the market completely. This is 

due to the perception that all second-hand vehicles are of poor 

quality. 

o As a result, this will lead to the complete disappearance of the market, 

and can only be stopped by introducing more symmetrical 

information. This is the nature of markets with asymmetric 

information.  

The Solution: VINchain 

A survey conducted among market participants indicated a need for access to 

reliable, secure, and transparent historic operational vehicle data.  

 



4 
 

The VINchain project fills this need and solves the problem of asymmetrical 

information in the used car market by creating a decentralized, immutable, 

transparent, secure, and reliable vehicle lifecycle repository. 

 

VINchain is a decentralized blockchain database that records all relevant 

information pertaining to vehicles. For each vehicle, a blockchain passport is 

issued which will be stored in a distributed registry. VINchain is also capable of 

producing reports that can be ordered immediately by buyers, sellers, and 

other market participants. 

 

Information about the vehicle is accumulated in the databases of all system 

participants (manufacturers, insurance companies, service stations, banks and 

leasing companies, dealers, etc.) during the entire period of its use.  

 

The blockchain-passport of the vehicle is connected to the vehicle 

identification number (VIN) and placed in the VINchain blockchain system. 

 

This information is transparent and accessible to everyone with access to the 

system.  

 

To protect the accuracy of information, the blockchain technology and data 

hashing through the SHA-256 cryptographic algorithm (sha 2 family) is used. 

This guarantees reliability and security of data. 

 



5 
 

Every day hundreds of thousands of used cars are sold around the world, and 

each buyer wants reliable information about the technical condition of the 

car. This is an important safety, security, and financial issue.  

 

Unfortunately, there is no single database of vehicles. Though there are 

commercial databases, they do not solve this problem as their information is 

stored centrally and there is a risk of inaccuracy. Commercial databases are 

closed and do not exchange information. As a result, the buyer of the car risks 

their own safety and financial loss.  

 

The VINchain project plans to attract international consulting agencies to the 

system audit, which will produce a detailed report of the reliability of the 

information provided by VINchain. 

 

The mechanics of the VINchain system work as follows:  

-A request for data is received 

-The entire chain is searched for relevant data 

-Reports are created and provided in a structured form 

-Members of the relevant registry receives a fee for providing 

information  

 

Buyers and sellers of used vehicles will both benefit from the removal of 

information asymmetry on the used car market. Knowing all of the 

information available on a given vehicle will create trust in the process and the 

buyer will potentially be willing to pay more. For the seller, disclosing the 



6 
 

complete history of the vehicle may increase the value of the car at the time 

of sale.  

 

If buyers know the full operational history of the vehicle, they have a 

guarantee that the vehicle retains a certain level of value. The same cannot be 

said about a vehicle with no report.  

 

This concept can be demonstrated with the following example: A buyer has to 

choose between two identical vehicles: one with a full operational history 

report, and one without. In this scenario, the buyer is likely to choose the 

vehicle with the full operational report over the other even in cases that the 

report indicates past damage and/or repairs. This is due to the report 

providing an accurate reflection of the vehicle's history.  

 

Every market participant has the right to know the true history of a vehicle 

being sold. The VINchain project will fill this niche to the benefit of all. 

 

In the future, this technology can be scaled to segments of the fixed asset 

market such as yachts, construction machinery and real estate. 



7 
 

Project Goals 

Change the global market of used cars by making it honest, transparent, 

reliable, with equal access to information for each participant. 

Project Objectives  

1 Create a block with different levels of access and information 

protection. Data security access level should meet the needs of 

government agencies. 

2 Unite participants in the automotive industry, such as manufacturers, 

insurance companies, dealers, service stations, and developers of 

navigation systems into a single ecosystem for data exchange 

purposes. 

3 Create an infrastructure and provide direct access to the database for 

each market participant. 



8 
 

VINchain Team 

Everyone in our team is an expert in their respective roles, with extensive 

experience in the automotive industry. Each of us is capable of achieving our 

stated goals. 

 

Alex Miles 

CEO 

Alex Miles is a technology enthusiast and blockchain expert 

who graduated with honors from Florida International 

University – a top ten business school – while studying 

management information systems. He was hired at 

ABetterBid Car Auctions LLC, where he quickly rose 

through the ranks to the Head of Business Development 

role. He quickly gathered achievements by leading a team 

of skilled specialists executing content strategy, expanding 

operations globally and implementing Bitcoin purchasing. 

After garnering experience with the blockchain, he became 

an evangelist of the technology and its applications. His 

passion for its potential led to the idea of applying the 

blockchain to solve problems in automobile purchasing, 

based on what he had studied extensively at ABetterBid. 

He is disrupting the automobile market and making roads 

https://abetter.bid/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/milesalex/


9 
 

safer for all by launching transparent vehicle history built 

on the blockchain. Alex now aims to evolve the auto 

industry and cryptocurrency space as Chief Executive 

Officer of VINchain 

 

 

Andrey Krainik  

Founder, Chief innovation officer 

The founder of EasyExport.us, one of the top 10 companies 

in the Inc. 500 with an annual turnover of more than $45 

million 

 

Alexey Listopad 

CMO 

Brought 9 huge projects to the US market as the Head of 

Marketing at A Better Bid Car Auctions LLC. Project 

marketing and design specialist. Created the ‘Logistic Club’ 

when 19 years old. 

 

Antonina Binetskaya 

CTO 

Primary Responsibilities:  

Oversee daily operations for the business unit  

Coordinate the development of key performance goals and 

direct reports  

https://www.linkedin.com/in/krainik/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksey-listopad/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/antoninabinetskaya/


10 
 

Business process analysis  

Business process improvements  

Risk management  

Project / program management  

SCRUM / Agile. 

 

 

Pavel Yeschenko 

Blockchain Developer 

Software engineer with more than 5 years of well-rounded 

experience. Skilled in facilitating and managing teams. Able 

to provide customized, client-driven solutions that improve 

operations and processes, enhancing business productivity 

and profitability. Adept at data structuring, problem 

solving, and end-to-end coding.  

Key Skills:  

Web development  

Data structuring  

Distributed computing  

Large-scale system design  

Networking & data storage  

UI & mobile design  

Project problem solving. 

 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/pavel-y-9b62036b/


11 
 

 

Michael Zhalevich 

Blockchain developer 

Created Tournament Management Systems for online 

gaming platforms, and integrated systems into games. 

Implemented various performance optimizations. Created 

and implemented a process for releases with zero 

downtime. Integrated with many internal services. 

Developed various projects on the Magento platform, 

handling integration with external APIs and payments 

systems, and optimized for high performance.  

Primary Responsibilities:  

Feature development  

Architecture review  

Code review  

Production maintenance  

Team management  

Motivation and education  

Conflict management. 

 

 

Alexandr Onyskiv 

Software & Blockchain Engineer 

Summary of Qualifications:  

Over 10 years of overall experience in IT fields, analysis, 

design and development in both Java-based and Ruby-

https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-zhalevich/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandr-onyskiv-16b95935/


12 
 

based web and enterprise applications.  

Advanced level knowledge of:  

Java  

JDBC  

JSP  

Servlets  

Ruby and Ruby on Rails  

SQL  

JavaScript  

ReactJS  

HTML  

CSS. 

 

Konstantine Perzhukou  

Software Development Advisor 

As a Software Implementation Advisor with more than 7 

years of well-rounded experience, Konstantine oversaw 25 

successful projects in Enterprise software development 

and implementation. Past experience includes:  

Transportation management software  

Warehouse management software  

Enterprise resource planning software  

Cross-platform integration  

Database integration  

Web & mobile application development  

https://www.linkedin.com/in/konstantine-p-1b166369/


13 
 

Skilled in managing developers and project teams over 30 

units. 

 

Vladislav Vasilchyk 

System Analyst 

System analyst with 11 years of experience in engineering 

and business processes automation. Accumulated 

experience from integrating more than 15 IT systems as 

Project Manager. 

 

 

Eugene Koval 

Software Development Advisor 

Project Manager with 6 years in the development and 

integration of software, including:  

Transportation Management Software  

Warehouse Management Software  

Enterprise Resource Planning Software  

Cross-Platform Integration  

Database integration  

WEB & Mobile Application Development.  

Key skills:  

Business Development  

Vendor/Financial Management  

Team Leadership. 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/владислав-васильчук-a1b4a8158/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/eugene-koval-0454b1158/


14 
 

 

 

Ivan Usovich 

System Administrator Back-end Developer 

An expert in implementing cutting-edge technologies and 

solutions, full-stack developer with many years of team 

leading experience. 

 

Sеrgеi Pаkhоmоv 

Full Stack Developer 

Managing databases with 338+ million record entries. 

Currently managing a team of 9. 

 

 

Stacy Denver 

Head of Sales, Bitcoin Advocate 

Increased monthly sales by 150% in 2012-2013 as the Head 

of the Sales at A Better Bid Car Auctions LLC. 

  

Sergei Shostyr 

UI/UX Specialist, Front End Designer 

More than 10 years of experience in the field of design and 

creating efficient and effective user experience flows. Over 

1000 completed projects. 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/ivan-usovich-20a3577a/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sergei-pakhomov-83777689
https://www.linkedin.com/in/stacy-denver-0b77b7129/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sergey-shostyr-95439614a/


15 
 

 

Anastasiya Kazakova 

Customer Support 

Graduated from BSU in the summer of 2017. As a student 

worked on the development and promotion of startup 

projects in the US. 

 

Ethan Clark 

SEO Expert 

Has 5+ years of experience in creating and executing SEO 

strategy in automotive, blockchain and construction 

industry fields in the USA. 

 

 

Pavel Zakharevich 

Community Relation Expert 

Pavel been deeply involved in blockchain technology for 

over seven years. He is currently aiming to share his 

experience garnered as an active member of blockchain 

dedicated forums, blogs and cryptocurrency communities. 

 

Taganovich Andrei 

Business Analyst 

Was involved in used vehicles market analysis during his 6 

years of experience at A Better Bid LLC Car Auction. 

Investigated the possibility of integrating blockchain 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/anastasiya-kazakova-67a1a9152/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ethan-clark-se/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/pavel-zakharevich-91634b158/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/taganovich-andrei-850456157/


16 
 

technology into vehicle history reports. 

VINchain Advisors 

 

Matt Carpenter 

Chief Financial Officer of Audi of America and Audi Canada 

Serves as Chief Financial Officer of Audi of America and 

Audi Canada. Matt has a breadth of experience managing 

in the automotive industry. He started his career path with 

Ford Motor Company in Michigan where he worked for 5 

years as a Zone Manager. In 2007 he began his journey 

with Audi of America as a Business Management 

Consultant at Pied Piper Management Company LLC. In 

2007 he started to work directly for Audi of America. He 

began as a Vehicle Merchandising Manager before in 2011 

receiving a promotion to General Manager of Vehicle Sales. 

Due to his outstanding work, in 2016 Matt was awarded 

the position of Chief Financial Officer of Audi of America 

and Audi Canada. 

 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/matt-carpenter-5902925/


17 
 

 

Dr. Simon Hassannia 

Head of Business Innovation at ATU, Germany 

Dr. Simon Hassannia has extensive management 

experience in consulting and industry in the areas 

automotive, telecommunications, consumer electronics 

and entertainment with focus on disruptive innovations 

and digital business. Currently as the Head of Business 

Innovation at ATU, the German’s leading automotive 

service provider with over $1 billion turnover, he is 

responsible for digital growth areas such as connected car, 

mobility-as-a-service and mobile solutions. In various 

business projects he has consulted further companies such 

as Mercedes Benz, Universal Studios, LG Electronics, Bosch 

and Telefónica Germany with multinational assignments in 

Canada, China, Germany, Poland, Singapore, Spain and 

USA. 

 

 

David Carp 

ex-CPO for Kia Motors America 

Automotive Veteran Executive. David Carp was the 

previous Director, Fleet, Remarketing & CPO for Kia Motors 

America, Inc for the last 15 years. David headed up both 

Fleet & Remarketing for Kia Motors, David also developed 

Kia’s CPO Program and led it for 11 years has the fastest 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/dr-simon-hassannia/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-carp-a33b59a4/


18 
 

growing CPO Program in the Industry. With over 25 years’ 

experience, David’s automotive experience includes Retail, 

Wholesale, Finance, Vehicle Valuation, Fleet & 

Remarketing. David began his automotive career selling 

Buick’s at Perry Buick in Norfolk, VA. He moved on to 

wholesale cars before joining the NADA Official Used Car 

Guide Company as the Import Vehicle. David’s first role 

with a Manufacturer was Nissan/Infiniti Motor Corporation 

as their Regional Remarketing Manager. David held 

positions in Remarketing with AutoNation USA and Vehicle 

Acquisition with CarMax. David then was with Saab Cars 

USA as their Remarketing Manager before joining the other 

Swedish carmaker Volvo Cars of North America as their 

Asset Remarketing Manager, the position he held before 

joining Kia. 

 

 

Donald Harris 

VP of Financial Planning and Analysis, Sonic Automotive 

Don Harris is currently Vice President of Financial Planning 

and Analysis at Sonic Automotive, a Fortune 500 publicly-

traded automotive retailer. Sonic sells new and used 

vehicles, replacement parts, and provides vehicle 

maintenance via a network of 100 dealerships representing 

25 brands in 13 states. Don also oversees the analytics 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/donaldharris2/


19 
 

group that develops pricing and inventory models for 

Sonic’s Used Vehicle supercenters operating as Echo Park. 

Prior to joining Sonic, he held various financial and 

operational roles at NVR, one of the largest homebuilding 

companies. He began his career in the retail industry 

holding financial roles at May Department Stores and 

American Eagle Outfitters. He received an MBA from the 

University of Pittsburgh and a BS in Finance from 

Pennsylvania State University. 

 

 

Jon Arnett 

President, Consulting, Canadian Sales & Business 

Development at Contact At Once! a LivePerson Company 

Jon has been in the automotive software industry working 

in technology, big data, and solutions with OEMs and 

Dealers for almost 20 years with top industry names, 

including leadership roles, with like Carfax, Carproof, 

Autodata and more. Jon is fully bilingual and holds his MBA 

from McMaster University, and currently heads up Contact 

At Once! & Liveperson Canada, the global leader and 

innovators in the automotive digital messaging space. 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/jon-arnett-3bb0484/


20 
 

 

Dr Paolo Tasca 

Founder and Executive Director of the Centre for Blockchain 

Technologies 

Paolo Tasca is a Digital Economist specialising in P2P 

financial systems. An advisor on blockchain technologies 

for different international organisations including the EU 

Parliament and the United Nations, Paolo is founder and 

Executive Director of the Centre for Blockchain 

Technologies at University College London (UCL CBT). He 

recently has also been appointed Dean of Research of the 

Jiangsu Huaxin Blockchain Research Institute (JBI) in 

Nanjing and Honorary Research Professor of Sogang Univ. 

Blockchain Research Center in Seoul. Previously, he was 

Lead Economist on digital currencies and P2P financial 

systems at the German Central Bank, Deutsche 

Bundesbank in Frankfurt. 

 

Donald G. Stephenson 

Former Senior Vice President of Volkswagen of America   

President of Alleghany Management Inc 

Don had been working as Senior Vice President of 

Volkswagen of America where he held P&L responsibility 

for parts and accessory sales and marketing, customer 

satisfaction and field force management wherein he 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/ptasca/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/donald-g-stephenson-0397095/


21 
 

championed the monetization of connected car and social 

media tools to drive revenue growth and improved 

customer retention. Prior to Volkswagen Don held director 

positions at Toyota in network development, retail 

development and after sales. As a Regional VP he managed 

regional operations for BMW, Lexus and Audi of America. 

Right now Don is the President of Alleghany Management 

Inc. an automotive consulting firm based in Atlanta, GA. He 

has over 30 years of automotive brand experience with 

field and headquarter experience at Ford, BMW, Lexus, 

Toyota, Audi and Volkswagen in the US, Mexico and Puerto 

Rico. 

 

Mark Taylor 

Head of Business Development at PureCars 

Currently working at PureCars and responsible for 

acquiring and managing strategic partnerships with the 

Automotive Manufacturers (OEMs). Prior to PureCars, 

Mark spent over 15 years with AutoNation, the largest 

Automotive Retailer in the US. He carried out P&L 

responsibility for a budget of roughly $35M annually that 

drove top line revenues in excess of $3 Billion per annum. 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/markdtaylor3/


22 
 

 

Ed Cicale 

VP AutoNation e-Commerce and Customer Communications 

Ed has over 30 years’ experience in marketing and 

advertising with over 20 years in Automotive marketing. As 

Vice President of e-Commerce and Customer 

Communications at AutoNation he is responsible for 

developing the Marketing Website Strategy, media 

placements and AutoNation’s customer database for their 

over 250 dealerships. 

 

Richard Patterson 

Owner of Wingfield Consulting 

Serial entrepreneur & innovator with over 35 years 

experience of founding, managing and growing successful 

businesses. Have designed, negotiated and sold multi-

million pound deals to major organisations across the globe 

for over 19 years. Responsible for the innovation of key 

technologies/market positions that lead to millions of 

pounds of revenues & dominant niche market positions for 

Sun Microsystems, Apple Computer Inc. & Dell. 

 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/ed-cicale-1704933/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-patterson-65a19a2/


23 
 

 

Ryan Scott 

CEO and Founder at CAUSECAST 

Ryan Scott is an entrepreneur, social impact investor, 

humanist, philanthropist and online marketing pioneer, 

legendary for developing and patenting the double opt-in 

email methodology. After selling NetCreations in 2001 for 

$111 million, Ryan became an angel investor alongside 

Sequoia Capital, Mark Cuban, News Corp, CBS Corporation, 

Elon Musk, and Burda Media, in a number of companies 

such as Inside, Tesla, CrowdFunder, Tiltify, Lottery.com, 

Earth Class Mail, Principle Power, Signum Biosciences, 

Greener World Media, Sierra Nevada Solar, and Cool Earth 

Solar. Ryan's most significant personal investment since 

2011 has been Causecast, the world's most innovative 

workplace giving, volunteering and social impact platform. 

Ryan's vision is to create a world in which corporations 

compete with each other to make the most positive social 

impact. 

 

Roger Crook 

CEO at Capital Springboard 

Roger is an entrepreneur, disruptor and independent 

strategic advisor in FinTech, LogisticsTech and Logistics 

including blockchain/cryptocurrencies. He was formerly a 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/theryanscott/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/rogercrook/


24 
 

Member of the Board of Management, Deutsche Post AG 

(DeutschePost DHL a Dax 30 listed company) and Global 

Chief Executive Officer, DHL Global Forwarding & Road 

Freight Division from 2011 until 2015. The division had 

revenues of around €15 billion, with approximately 45,000 

employees and operated in more than 200 countries and 

territories. Roger has extensive business experience in 

China visiting on multiple occasions and doing business in 

China over last 25 years. 

 

Hillik Nissani 

CMO at CRYPTALGO 

Mr. Nissani is a seasoned senior executive and advisor with 

a proven track record of over 25 years across five 

continents in growing B2B and B2C companies. Mr. Nissani 

is a growth expert and he serves as a board and advisory 

board member in several EU and Israeli high-tech and 

Blockchain companies (such as STOX.com), advising on 

strategy, marketing, operations and human capital 

management. His abundant working experience includes 

the Vice President managing 888.com’s high liquidity 

business unit with revenues of close to $100M, and easy-

forex Chief Marketing Officer where he managed sales and 

marketing budgets of tens of millions annually. 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/hilliknissani


25 
 

 

Ms. Julia Z. Nikolaev 

Managing Partner at Crypto Law Group 

Ms. Julia Z. Nikolaev is an attorney with over 20 years of 

experience in various areas of law, who is licensed to 

practice law in the United States and Russia. She initially 

specialized in business immigration only, assisting Silicon 

Valley companies in bringing the most talented and unique 

professionals from all over the world to the mecca of 

innovation and technology. Wishing to provide a more 

comprehensive range of legal services to her clients, Ms. 

Nikolaev has expanded her service portfolio to also include 

business formation and structuring, contracts, and business 

transactions. She worked for both large corporations and 

small companies providing expertise in complex legal 

matters involving startup, business transactions, and 

business immigration law. Since early 2016, she has been 

actively involved the blockchain and bitcoin community. 

Ms. Nikolaev is an active member of California Bar 

Association and of The International Women's Leadership 

Association. In 2013, she has been recognized by 

Worldwide Who’s Who organization for showing 

dedication, leadership and excellence in legal profession.  

 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/julia-z-nikolaev-b5709ba/


26 
 

How It Works 

The Buyer registers on a service provider’s website or in the mobile app. 

When the registration is approved, the buyer is allowed to check the vehicle’s 

Blockchain - passport availability by entering the VIN number of the vehicle. 

The service provider verifies the Buyer’s request by checking the availability of 

the data in all service-providers’ databases and gives the Buyer a short report 

free of charge. 

This short free report is a preview of the quantity of information that is 

contained inside the full report 

If the buyer is satisfied with the abbreviated report, they can proceed and 

purchase the full report. 

If the Buyer decides to make a purchase they pay with a pre-defined method 

of payment and in turn receive the full version of the vehicle’s Blockchain 

passport. 

 



27 
 

Basic  Usage  and Client  Economics 

VINchain intends to implement a token to smooth the processing of car 

information queries on the VINchain system. An end-user will pay VIN tokens 

in exchange for all information related to a VIN number that is available on-

chain. The information queries are designed to rely on extremely simple token 

economics for the client-facing aspects of the payment system.  

In order to have a successful token system it is necessary to leverage simple 

economics. Widespread adoption of any system comes most easily when the 

process is simple enough for end-users to easily understand and trust it. For a 

user that wishes to retrieve information from the VINchain system, the 

transactional costs will always be in VIN tokens. In addition, it is a long-term 

goal of the project to leverage the economic control of having a usage coin in 

order to reach a stable token price relative to traditional state-backed 

currencies. Market volatility should be linked to the fluctuation of car history 

data and not speculation. The VINchain token will primarily be a usage or 

utility token leveraged to create a stable transaction rate, and to allow fluid 

fee payments and profit distributions for all information providers.  

Unlike traditional vehicle history options, it will be possible for certified 

mechanics and other participants in the chain of control to submit car 

information that would previously have been overlooked due to lack of 

insurance reporting. As more information providers are verified, VINchain will 

allow for more widely crowdsourced information on vehicle histories.  



28 
 

Information  Provider  Economics 

When a user exchanges a token for information on a vehicle, all active 

participants in the network are compensated with part of the token. Initially 

token allocation will primarily be linked to events. An event is anything specific 

that has happened to a vehicle. Events include things like change of ownership 

and accidents. Every time a user is provided with information on a vehicle they 

are given the option to indicate whether the information is useful. We believe 

that a binary decision on value or utility allows for a more user-friendly 

experience, while generating even more data. 

 

Long-term algorithms will be designed to find similarities in useful information 

in order to accurately determine fee allocation for information providers. To 

achieve this, a modular oracle element needs to be established off chain to 

report on the value of an event at any time. As previously stated this will 

initially value all events equally until a large enough store of data has been 

established and an effective algorithm has been determined.  

 

Once events are weighted dynamically using an algorithm that determines 

their usefulness, individual information providers will be compensated 

proportionally to the value of information they. Until then, a similar 

proportion will be used for all events. Only the first provider will be 

compensated.  

 

An additional transaction fee will be levied for each information query (10%). 



29 
 

VINchain App 

During the process of development, a mobile application and website will be 

created for dealers, insurance companies, and manufacturers, in addition to a 

flexible API.  

The application will have extensive utility, as it 

will provide users with the best offers on car 

maintenance, discounts on service, and even 

assist in refueling and washing. Additionally, 

the app will help find a vehicle in a huge 

parking lot, or even remotely control their 

vehicle! The application will also collect 

statistics pertaining to personal driving style, 

tell the user how to drive more economically, 

and offer discounts on 

insurance premiums! Keeping 

all of this collected information 

on the blockchain will confirm 

its reliability and allow owners 

to increase the value of their car at the time of sale! 

  



30 
 

The website will be a portal for 

companies to create an ideal 

marketplace that will contain all 

relevant information pertaining to any 

vehicle, including usage statistics and 

history reports. The site will also give 

users the ability to interact with all of 

the participants of the VINchain 

ecosystem.  

 

By having access to this information, contractors will be able to send 

customers only those offers that are relevant and genuinely interesting to 

them. Dealers will be able to better analyze vehicles they are considering to 

acquire, with access to full, genuine, verifiable history reports. Because users 

are prompted by maintenance reminders, the system will also increase the 

amount of vehicle maintenance service requests.  

These tools will enable you to do the following: 

 

1 Use a wide range of opportunities to analyze consumer data and 

behavior in order to leverage sales activities, get comprehensive 

customer satisfaction reports, engage new customers, and improve 

the loyalty of existing ones. 

2 Get predictive data of the next dealer visit in order to raise the 

effectiveness of timing of the vehicle service proposal. 



31 
 

3 Drive the content in the application to improve consumer 

communication and increase spare parts sales. 

Control of Information Transmitted by Users 

In order to create a system with full transparency users (vehicle drivers) will be 

able to control the following: 

 

• Determine the category of information they share 

• Adjust the frequency at which the information is collected 

• Choose which offers and discounts are interesting and relevant to 

them and their needs  

 



32 
 

Functions of the Mobile Application for Users 

• Earn Tokens 

Users will earn tokens through normal, everyday use of their car. 

Received tokens can be exchanged for discounts and used to pay for 

services Excessive tokens can be sold on an exchange. 

 

• Remotely control of vehicle 

The application allows users to remotely control their car. The remote 

function will feature functions such as remote engine start, opening 

and closing of doors, and triggering burglar alarms. 

• Geolocation services 

In order to provide an all-inclusive application, navigation will be 

included into the app. 

• Driving style analysis and statistics 

Never before has the information about a user’s driving style been used 

to save them money! By analyzing driving style and preferences, the 

app will allow us to offer you a wealth of 

benefits, including cheaper insurance 

options, discounted car repair shops, and 

more! 

 



33 
 

• Roadside assistance 

If a user has been in an accident, or their car has broken down, the 

application will suggest nearby vehicle towing services that accept 

VINchain tokens as a form of payment. 

• Car diagnostics 

Each time the user enters their car they will receive a report on the 

working condition of all the systems of the vehicle, in order to reassure 

the user that everything is ready for safe travel. 

• Reminders about upcoming service 

The app automatically reminds the user when it is time for their 

vehicle’s next service. If the user registers in advance, they will be 

eligible to receive discounts from our partners! 

• Register for and analyze dealer services, prices, locations, and discounts 

When registering for a dealer’s service the user will be able to analyze 

the offers of all nearby dealers, then select the best price and location! 

• Nearest service stations, fuel stations, car washes, and insurance 

companies 

With geolocation access, the app will indicate the most relevant 

services in the user’s area. 

• Loyalty programs discounts 



34 
 

The application stores usage history of loyalty discounts from all our 

partners! 

The process of rewarding users with tokens, 

receiving and confirming information: 



35 
 

As part of data management, we are developing 

a special website for dealers, auto manufacturers 

(OEMs), companies that analyze data to improve 

road safety, and insurance companies. 

This website will allow users to analyze a large amount of data and compile 

custom reports on the use of a vehicle. Artificial Intelligence creates incredible 

opportunities for reading and analyzing data coming from different sources. 

The system will help increase sales growth, reduce costs for mechanics and 

increase efficiency. We will collect information about customers’ preferences 

and provide recommendations in real time. 

Opportunities for OEMs and companies analyzing data for improving traffic 

safety: 

• Build long-term relationships with customers and clients  

• Increase sales of original spare parts  

• Data analysis to improve warranty programs  

• Segmentation of customers and facilitation of the most appropriate 

recommendations  

• Car telemetry analysis  

• Timely service offers and discounts for each customer  

• Reduce the cost of storing spare parts in warehouses without affecting 

the sales process and service time  



36 
 

• Recommendations for more frequent service for customers with an 

aggressive driving style 

• Endless potential in the implementation of data 

We would love to hear your feedback and suggestions! Write to us and we'll 

happily make the website more convenient for your needs! 

Possibilities regarding artificial intelligence and 

machine learning 

Since we will collect vehicle data from a large number of sources, and offer 

various services and cars for purchase in our application, we will be able to 

analyze the user's interest, driving style, choice of service stations, and use of 

discounts. Using this data, we can help to increase revenue by offering drivers 

from different categories specific sets of products and services, including 

appropriate accessories, new cars, and assistance with future service visits.  

 

With the help of data analysis by artificial intelligence and machine learning, 

marketing data will be available in a structured form which is convenient for 

use and analysis. This will help to create similar segments of users, analyze 

their use of tokens to obtain discounts and payments, and obtain reliable data 

on the use of the car which cannot be changed or modified. 



37 
 

Opportunities for insurance companies 

According to McKinsey & Company, between 5 and 10 percent of all claims 

worldwide are fraudulent. Dishonest insured customers commit fraudulent 

accidents, having agreed in advance with repair shops to eventually receive 

compensation. According to the FBI, spending on non-health insurers exceeds 

$40 billion per annum. Appeals and claims management forms 39% of total 

insurance costs. Most insurance companies use secret methods to manage 

claims. These factors often lead to inefficiency in transaction costs.  

Analyzing the user’s driving style, history of breakage, and frequency of 

accidents, insurance companies will be able to provide personalized insurance 

terms!  

We are developing a special scoring system that will allow us to assess the risk 

of the occurrence of an insured event, as well as provide the API of the system 

for the implementation of data for insurance companies. Due to this, 

insurance companies will be able to provide a discount on the basis of their 

analysis directly to the client in their application!  

The use of blockchain technology will help alleviate fraud. By obtaining a 

VINchain vehicle report data can be found in real time.  

Moreover, such requests can be paid for with VIN tokens. Insurance 

companies in turn will be rewarded for adding data on insured events!  



38 
 

Due to this, insurance companies will be able to reduce the processing costs 

of claims.  

Opportunities for manufacturers of spare parts 

1 Increase transparency in monitoring spare parts warranties. 

2 Reduction of refunds for fraudulent purposes. 

Opportunities for dealers 

• Dealers, who are working with us in regards to information about car 

maintenance will earn VIN tokens. These tokens will allow dealers to 

order vehicle reports (that are confirmed by the blockchain system) 

provided by our partners, or sell these tokens on the exchange and 

receive additional revenue! 

• By utilizing the website, dealers will gain additional leads in addition to 

a novel channel of communication with clients. 

• The use of a vehicle history report based on VINchain information will 

replace outdated and expensive reports from Carfax. This saves money 

and improves the user confidence in the analyzed information, 

encouraging the user to increase the resale value of the car. 



39 
 

Reducing the cost of maintaining additional 

infrastructure 

 

• Due to constant connection with the Internet through the user's 

smartphone and updated updates received from the car, the user does 

not need to call the dealer to analyze errors or update software. In the 

era of digital technology and dependence on software, this is a very 

important aspect of reducing costs along with the number of 

necessary professionals. 

• We will also offer permanent additional services, such as updating 

maps and other functions of the car. 

Opportunities for auto-classified sites 

With the click of a button a seller will be able to provide a completely 

transparent history report for their car, confirmed by VINchain. This is 

extremely convenient for both buyers and sellers! Even more importantly, 

users will be able to choose the report provider that is most attractive to 

them. 



40 
 

Flexible API  

The massive amount of data received and analyzed can be utilized in a variety 

of ways. With this in mind, we are developing a flexible API. Write to us to find 

out more! 

 

Such a huge amount of data brings up the question of data storage security. 

The VINchain blockchain system will effortlessly cope with this task! Each data 

request will be trackable, and users will be able to trace down a party 

initiating the request, a number of requests, and a content of the request. The 

artificial intelligence will be able to determine hacker attacks based on 

requests. 

* Not available for all VINchain devices 



41 
 

Confirming data in partner reports 

One of the most important areas of our team's work is the improvement of 

car history reports. There are many services that provide reports on the 

history of vehicles. By joining the VINchain community the user will get the 

most complete and reliable biography of a vehicle, and we will confirm the 

information with each of our partners. 

Technical  Breakdown 

Program Platform 

Graphene is a technology which is used for various Blockchain systems 

(Steem, Bitshares, Golos, etc.) 

The Graphene platform is focused on the usage of third generation 

cryptographic secure decentralized registers, which is blockchain 3.0.  

Graphene based systems are much more effective in performance than older 

generations such as generation 1.0 Bitcoin based systems or even generation 

2.0. 



42 
 

The consensus algorithm ‘Delegated Proof of Stake’ or DPoS is extremely 

effective and is maximally secure. 

Advantages of DPoS 

- Protocol efficiency limits are up to 100,000 transactions per second 

- The formation of a new block takes 3 seconds as compared to 10 

minutes for Bitcoin 

- Low transaction fees which get reduced even further in proportion to 

the growth of the token price 

- Low ecological (electricity) and maintenance costs 

- Anonymous voting mechanism 

- Dynamic account privileges (allows to make a multilevel hierarchy)   

 

Token description 

The VINchain token is a utility token.  

VINchain tokens do not represent or confer any ownership right or stake, 

share, security, or equivalent rights, or any right to receive dividends, other 

payments, intellectual property rights, or any other form of participation in or 

relating to the project described in this white paper and/or in VINchain or any 

of its affiliates.  



43 
 

The holders of VINchain token are only entitled to use VINchain products as 

described in this document if successfully developed, or to resell the tokens.  

Data Formation and it’s Storage 

All the records from data providers is hashed and added into Blockchain. 

Data providers hash their records and add it into Blockchain themselves 

signed by EDS. Such a mechanism allows excluding any side parties from the 

chain what makes the service and data trustworthy for the final consumer. 

The data itself is stored in service providers’ databases but its hash in the 

Blockchain. The validity of the information provided can be checked by the 

hash code. 

Data hashing and adding it into the Blockchain makes it secure: the Blockchain 

receives the data hashed; the data hashed is signed with EDS, hashed again, 

compound into blocks. These blocks are signed with EDS and hashed. 

The decentralization makes the system even more secure. The data providers 

are united into a single system (nods) and store their up to date hash copies of 

each service provider. 



44 
 

The decentralization makes it possible to restore the data from any other 

system participant in case of data loss. The final consumers will not suffer 

from such kind situation as it also guaranties 24/7 access to the system. 

The utility of the VIN token categorized by 

product:  

VINchain App 

A person(s) who utilizes the VINchain app (“users”) can earn VIN tokens in 

exchange for the information that they contribute to the VINchain system. The 

users receive a small amount of VIN tokens, every time their information is 

utilized by a participant in the network. Utilizing a wallet, users are able to 

provide access to their data to third parties – in exchange for tokens. Service 

or product providers (“businesses”) need to send VIN tokens to the users in 

order to acquire access to the users information and to extend various offers 

pertaining to their business (e.g. insurance offers). The users will have the 

ability to acquire aforementioned services or products from these businesses 

by utilizing VIN tokens (or other crypto or FIAT currency) as a medium of 

exchange. 

 

VINchain Reports 

A participant in the network has the ability to acquire a vehicle report about a 

particular car using the VIN tokens (or other crypto or FIAT currency). In this 

case the VIN tokens are needed in order to create a clear and decentralized 



45 
 

reward system, in which the value of a report is pegged to a normalized value 

e.g. VIN token.  

 

VINchain API 

A person or a company will be able to acquire access to the VINchain API, and 

thus get direct access the VINchain system, by utilizing VIN tokens (or other 

crypto or FIAT currency). This will allow individuals and businesses to easily 

integrate our data into their systems.  

 

VINchain White Label 

Approved data providers will be able to prove reliable VINchain information to 

their clients with the help of tokens. 

VINchain Immutable Database 

To stop malicious attacks on the system and to prevent any manipulation of 

the information, the access to the system will be available only after the 

payment with the tokens. 

VINchain does not qualify as “transferable security” for the above purposes.  

VINchain tokens serve as a utility and only provide the opportunity to access 

the VINchain system. The aim of the VINchain token is to make it possible for 

individuals and businesses to acquire access to reliable information as well as 

goods and services.  



46 
 

How to work with the VINchain service 

After authorization, the service provider performs a request for a report by 

accessing the VINchain service via the API interface. 

Upon receipt of the request the VINchain service performs a search for 

information using the VIN-code of the car in the databases of VINchain service 

providers. Each record will contain specific details on the information 

provider, date, VIN number, accident reports, change in ownership 

information, and any other data on the use of the car. In addition, each record 

in the report will have two fixed hashes. 

Once the user submits an information request, they receive a preliminary 

check report to conform the availability of data on the specific vehicle. The 

user then makes a payment using VIN tokens to receive a full access to all 

available information.  

 

 

 

 

 



47 
 

Scheme of interaction: 

 



48 
 

Verification of the reliability of the information in 

the reports 

 
 

Each data provider will be able to get and add the information with the help of 

unique access certificate verified by the Project. In addition, there will be the 



49 
 

data rating for each data provider. As a result, the provider will take 

responsibility for any information added. Each data provider will be awarded 

with VIN tokens depending on the rating. 

Information in the database of each service provider of the VINchain system is 

continuously hashed using the cryptographic algorithm SHA-256* and is 

recorded to the database. In order to confirm the invariability of the 

information stored in the database of each service provider, the VINchain 

service places the records hashes in the VINchain blockchain according to the 

rules with the use of the timestamp of the record. 

The user receives a vehicle report connected to the VIN number. The report 

contains all the information from all databases of all service providers in the 

VINchain system.  

When generating a request for a VIN number, the VINchain system parses 

information from the service provider databases, then performs hashing of 

each record along with the entire report using the SHA-256 crypto algorithm. 

If the hash of the provided record is identical to the hash of the record stored 

in the VINchain blockchain, the information was not changed; if the hashes are 

different, the information provided is compromised **. 

** By default, the members of the service are not allowed to change the 

already entered data on the car, whatever it is, but with the help of 



50 
 

cryptography and blockchain technology, we provide a guaranteed 

confirmation of the invariability of the information. 

* The SHA-2 hash functions were developed by the US National Security 

Agency and published by the National Institute of Standards and Technologies 

in the Federal Information Processing Standard FIPS PUB 180-2 in August 

2002. This standard also included the hash function SHA-1, developed in 1995. 

In February 2004, SHA-224 was added to the FIPS PUB 180-2. In October 2008, 

a new edition of the standard was issued – FIPS PUB 180-3. In March 2012, 

the latest version of FIPS PUB 180-4 was issued, which included SHA-512/256 

and SHA-512/224 functions based on SHA-512 (since SHA-512 works faster on 

64-bit architectures than SHA-256).  

In July 2006, the standard RFC 4634 "Secure Hash Algorithms of the USA (SHA 

and HMAC-SHA)", describing SHA-1 and the SHA-2 family, was issued. 

In July 2006, the standard RFC 4634 "Secure Hash Algorithms of the USA (SHA 

and HMAC-SHA)", describing SHA-1 and the SHA-2 family, was issued. 

The National Security Agency issued a patent for SHA-2 under a royalty-free 

license on behalf of the state. 

Hash functions of the SHA-2 family were built on the basis of the Merkle–

Damgard structure. 



51 
 

The initial message after the addition is divided into blocks, each block by 16 

words. The algorithm passes each message block through a loop with 64 or 80 

iterations (rounds). At each iteration, two words are converted, the rest of the 

words set the conversion function. The results of processing each block are 

summed, and this result is the value of the hash function. Initialization of the 

internal state is the result of processing the previous block. It is not possible to 

process blocks and to sum results independently. 

Algorithms of the SHA-2 family (SHA-22, SHA-256, SHA-384, SHA-512, SHA-

512/256 and SHA-512/224) are allowed by the US law for use in some 

government applications, including use within other cryptographic algorithms 

and protocols, to protect information that does not have the stamp of 

secrecy. The standard also allows the use of SHA-2 by private and commercial 

companies. 

Economic  Functions 

T : The  current  request  price;  current  plans  are  to have  this  usage  fee 
cost  1 VIN tokens 

NX : The  value  ranking of event  x attached to a  specific  VIN number 

X : The  event  identification number;  the  system  generates  these  
internally 



52 
 

∑N : The  sum  of all  value  rankings  of all  events  attached to a  specific  
VIN number 

F : The  network maintenance  fee, each transaction incurs  a  fee  to support  
future  VINchain costs 

 

Data Storage and Access 

Every time the end-user makes a request, they pay T and have their front end 

populated with an easily navigable visualization of the event set for the 

requested VIN. Events are stored off chain to tackle scalability issues and on 

chain functionality is reserved for (a) value transfer, (b) data confirmation, (c) 

event payout information and (d) hashes storage. One of the advantages of 

car event history is that reported events should never be deleted or updated 

which allows for optimized read-access upon payment. 



53 
 

Smart contract 

When the report is formed VINchain forms and places the Smart Contract into 

the Blockchain attached to the VIN number. 

The Smart Contract defines the payouts to the service providers based on the 

amount of data provided and its value. 

The data providers sign the contract with a help of the poll (DPoS). The service 

provider (the report submitter) forms the payment transaction for Blockchain-

passport and VINchain service provides the report. 

The Smart Contract starts at the moment of Blockchain-passport receiving 

what forms payout transactions for data providers which supplied the records. 

The data provider sends the final consumer the vehicle history report in the 

most suitable form. 

 



54 
 

Usage in B2B 

Car manufacturers will be able to: 

• Receive and analyze the statistics on vehicle operation, and develop 

marketing and production plans based on research. 

• Decide on warranty service or refuse it, based on data from the 

VINchain platform. 

Car dealers will be able to: 

• Accurately determine the market value of a vehicle.  

• Provide full information about a vehicle when selling it. From a 

medium- term perspective, this is a winning strategy for building 

loyalty among consumers. 

Insurance companies will be able to: 

• Use the data from the blockchain before making insurance payments, 

as well as identifying fabricated accidents, and protect themselves 

from scammers.  

• Insure the vehicle based on its actual state, and predict "bad" 

insurance and identify "bad" cars. 



55 
 

Banks and leasing companies will be able to: 

• Accurately determine the market value of the car. 

Service stations will be able to: 

• Carry out an inspection and detect hidden defects more accurately 

based on data from the VINchain platform. 

• Improve the quality of services provided. 

Usage in B2C 

Before purchasing a vehicle, buyers want to know its condition. VINchain’s 

partners will be focused on working with buyers.  

 

In order for the reports to be available to the mass consumer, we focus on the 

average market price of $15 per report. 



56 
 

Sample Report 

A VINchain vehicle history report with 100% real data can be obtained here. 

See a sample VINchain sourced vehicle history report for: 2012 BENTLEY 

CONTINENTAL GT

 

Market Review 

95 million cars were sold in 2016, sales grow every year and manufacturers 

constantly increase production. 

https://vinchain.io/report/check
https://www.epicvin.com/en/dealer/sample
https://www.epicvin.com/en/dealer/sample


57 
 

 

The market for all cars in the world in 2016 totaled 1.38 billion units. With the 

cost of a history report at $15, the total volume of VINchain's market is $20 

billion. 

We analyze the trends in the largest markets of the world - the USA and the 

European Union: 

USA 

Sometimes dealers do not disclose complete vehicle history. Reports from 

commercial databases do not always contain comprehensive and reliable 

information. An alternative solution that a buyer can trust is not currently 

available in the market. At the same time, state law in some states (including 

California) prohibits dealers from selling cars without history reports. 



58 
 

European Union 

By May 2018, to improve road safety in the territory of the EU member states, 

it is necessary to develop a mechanism for documenting odometer readings. 

This will eliminate fraud with odometer readings and will allow consumers to 

correctly assess a vehicle’s suitability and whether it is fit for a specific 

purpose. 2018 will be the beginning of a massive use of the vehicle blockchain 

passport in Europe. 

  



59 
 

Business Model 

Interaction process between data providers and users: 

 

o Supplier’s data evaluation is based on ranking scale 

o Each blockchain request is paid for by VIN tokens 

o Each report contains data about the car from several suppliers 

o Each vendor whose data was used in the report receives payment of 
service fee in VIN tokens 

o VINchain receives a commission from each request 



60 
 

Road Map 

   February 2017: Concept development 

The founders study the blockchain technologies ability to collect and 

store information; first concept prototypes are developed. 

October 2017: White paper and project concept approval 

White paper is published, and feedback is collected from the community. 

Concept and work flow chart development based on the collected data. 

November 23, 2017: Start of token pre-sale 

 

December 1 to December 24, 2017: VINchain pre-ICO   

VINchain pre-ICO will be held from December 1 to December 24, 2017.  

January 2018 - April 2018: Development of MVP 

Creating the first working model (MVP), following the outlined concepts 

and technical specifications.  

January 2018: Alpha version of VINchain report 

We will be working on the alpha version of the VINchain vehicle report so 

you will see how the reports look like right before the start of our ICO.  



61 
 

We will be making partnership agreements with dealers, insurance 

companies, banks, and manufacturers.   

February 2018: Alpha version of VINchain app 

We will work on the development of the alpha version of VINchain 

mobile application for car owners. It will give car owners an opportunity 

to earn VINchain tokens and unlock new possibilities to interact with 

their car remotely. 

February 1 to April 15, 2018: VINchain ICO 

Start of the VINchain ICO. In 6 to 16 weeks, VIN tokens will be listed on 

exchanges.  

 March 2018: MVP testing, VINchain blockchain development 

Product testing launched. 

April 16-23, 2018: tokens will be unlocked 

Once ICO ends, tokens will be issued to token purchasers. 

May, 2018: Alpha version of the VINchain blockchain 

July 2018: Beta version of VINchain blockchain, VINchain API, 

VINchain app, and VINchain report 

You will be able to try our improved systems firsthand. 

 



62 
 

3rd quarter 2018: Spreading throughout United States, first 

revenue 

Despite of the amount of collected money, we will focus on the distribution of 

the system and its establishment in the US. In the case of success of our ICO, 

we will simultaneously work on the markets of Europe and the CIS. 

  4th quarter of 2018: Spreading throughout Europe 

In the case of a successful ICO, we will simultaneously work on spreading 

in Europe and CIS markets. In case of an unsuccessful ICO we will still 

spread our project throughout Europe, but only after we generate initial 

revenue. 

 

  January, 2019: VINchain big data analytics for enterprise 

We will analyze all of the collected big data for the enterprise utilization. 

 

   January, 2019: Continue development in all directions! 

We will be working on the development of all our projects and providing 

system updates. 



63 
 

ICO Results 

Why Blockchain? 

Blockchain technology has numerous advantages for VINchain:  
 

o Blockchain provides a decentralized platform: It enables a database to 

be directly shared without a central administrator, blockchain 

transactions have their own proof of validity and authorization to 

enforce the constraints. 

o High quality data: Data stored and distributed through blockchain is 

accurate, up to date, and quickly available to all participants 

o Process integrity: Due to blockchain’s decentralized structure, users can 

be sure that all transactions are executed exactly as the protocol (smart 

contract) commands. This removes the need for a centralized 

administrator or third party. 

o Faster transactions: Unlike interbank transactions that can take days for 

clearing (especially outside business hours), blockchain transactions can 

be processed in minutes 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  

o Blockchain can store any amount of information regarding vehicle 

maintenance 

o Opportunity to adjust the access levels for different users 



64 
 

o Absolute reliability 

o Transparent rewarding system for data suppliers 

o Opportunity to work directly with each market player 

o Strong resistance to network attacks 

VINchain ICO dates: February 1, 2018 - April 15, 2018 

Token price during ICO: 1 ETH = 20000 tokens 

Amount collected: 12,516.50 ETH 

Total supply: 840 108 901 tokens 

Distribution Pattern of Tokens: 

The distribution pattern of Genesis block in VINchain network will include 

840,108,901 utility tokens in the following manner: 

o 440,108,901 => are distributed among ICO members. 

o 250,000,000 => are reserved among founders, consultants and other 

members of the team with a sale restriction of 2 years. 



65 
 

o 87,500,000 => are reserved with a sale restriction for 2 years.  Will be 

used as a reward mechanism between first participants of the system, 

application, and discount programs. Smart contract will ensure the ban 

on sale of a turnover. 

o 50,000,000 => are reserved for the advisory board. If all tokens will not 

be distributed it will be burned.  

o 12,500,000 => are reserved for early token purchasers with a sale 

restriction of 3 months after the ICO ends. 

  



66 
 

Spending funds from token placement 

 


