



























 

  



 

1 
 

 

 

 

1. DICTIONARY ...............................................................................................................................2 

2. ABSTRACT ...................................................................................................................................3 

3. MISSION STATEMENT .................................................................................................................3 

4. VISION ........................................................................................................................................3 

5. PROBLEM....................................................................................................................................3 

6. X8C CURRENCY TOKEN ...............................................................................................................4 

a. BUSINESS IDEA AND CONCEPT .................................................................................................4 

b. HOW X8C CURRENCY TOKEN WORKS ......................................................................................4 

c. TOKEN MODEL ........................................................................................................................6 

d. PROJECT USE CASES (X8C currency token) ...............................................................................8 

e. PROJECT USE CASES (X8 utility token – X8X) .......................................................................... 10 

f. CORPORATE INFRASTRUCTURE.............................................................................................. 12 

g. IP OF THE PROJECT ................................................................................................................ 12 

7. BUSINESS MODEL ..................................................................................................................... 13 

8. MARKET .................................................................................................................................... 13 

9. ROADMAP ................................................................................................................................ 18 

10. TEAM ........................................................................................................................................ 23 

11. TOKEN SALE (TGE – TOKEN GENERATION EVENT) ..................................................................... 28 

a. TOKEN GENERATION EVENT STAGES ..................................................................................... 28 

b. TOKEN DISTRIBUTION ............................................................................................................ 29 

c. FUNDS DISTRIBUTION............................................................................................................ 31 

d. FUNDS ALLOCATION DESCRIPTION ........................................................................................ 31 

12. DISCLAIMERS ............................................................................................................................ 33 

 

 

 

 

 



 

2 
 

1. DICTIONARY 

X8C – X8C is a symbol for the X8currency product, which is a cryptocurrency. This 
cryptocurrency will be referred to as the X8C currency token in this whitepaper (ERC-20). 

X8X – X8X utility token is a license token for direct access to X8currency (ERC-20). 

ioNectar – ioNectar is a platform and a technology for automatic execution of trading actions 
and comprehensive access to brokers and banks using B2B FIX Protocol. 

ARM AI – Automatic Reserve Management AI is a set of algorithms performing professional 
portfolio risk management on traditional trading accounts developed by ioNectar. 

FIX Protocol - The Financial Information eXchange (FIX) protocol is an electronic 
communications protocol initiated in 1992 for international real-time exchange of 
information related to the securities transactions and markets. 

TGE – Token Generation Event is an activity during which tokens are created and distributed. 

X8 AG – Unregulated Swiss company from the Canton of Zug, also known as the Crypto 
Valley, dealing in IT and software solutions for financial portfolio applications. X8 AG is the 
issuer of X8X utility tokens. 

X8 Capital AG – Regulated Asset Management Company and the issuer of X8C currency 
tokens. The company is under formation. 

FIAT - Fiat money is a currency without intrinsic value established as money by government 
regulation. It has an assigned value only because the government use its power to enforce the 
value of a fiat currency.  

KYC – Know your customer (KYC) is the process of a business identifying and verifying the 
identity of its clients. 

VIX - The CBOE Volatility Index, known by its ticker symbol VIX, is a popular measure of the 
stock market's expectation of volatility implied by S&P 500 index options. It is colloquially 
referred to as the fear index or the fear gauge. 

TIER 4 Datacentre - Tier 4 datacentre is considered as most robust and less prone to failures. 
Tier 4 is designed to host mission critical servers and computer systems, with fully redundant 
subsystems (cooling, power, network links, storage etc) and compartmentalized security 
zones. 

FINMA - The Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) is the Swiss 
government body responsible for financial regulation. FINMA has three core responsibilities: 
licensing, supervision and, where necessary, enforcement. It can also issue subordinate 
technical regulations. However, FINMA is primarily a supervisory authority which monitors 
supervised institutions’ compliance with the law. 

SRO - A self-regulatory organization (SRO) is a non-governmental organization that has the 
power to create and enforce industry regulations and standards. SROs must be recognised by 
FINMA for their activities in the context of combating money laundering and the financing of 
terrorism. SROs are supervised from the date on which they are recognised. 



 

3 
 

2. ABSTRACT 

This paper describes the platform for a proven, safe, liquid and secure cryptocurrency 
that has the potential to solve issues for more than 3,5bn people worldwide, who need a 
reliable and stable instrument for wealth preservation and payments. This is the 
population directly using the top 8 traditional fiat currencies every day. Based on the 
Ethereum platform, our cryptocurrency utilizes smart contracts that solve the decades-
old problems of big currency market drops and inflation, which is the world’s single 
largest economic challenge. The concept revolves around a technology developed for 
professional portfolio risk management, which uses automatic processes to protect the 
value of reserves and produces a highly convertible cryptocurrency product. 

 

The paper explains: 

● Target scenarios which the X8C currency token focuses on to deliver benefit to its 
users 

● The workings of the token model 
● Steps to apply the solution in blockchain 
 
 

3. MISSION STATEMENT 

We will provide the crypto market with an advanced value preservation solution. We 
already have a solution which works in the traditional financial business of portfolio risk 
management. Our mission is to offer blockchain as a service to deliver the most 
sophisticated, safe and stable instrument for payments. 

 

4. VISION 

New stable money could be one of the biggest potential benefits to arise from crypto. 
There are a few different means of providing stable portfolio solutions. However, 
blockchain has the potential to deliver it directly to the end user without too many 
intermediary steps. If there would be a new kind of revolutionary currency, solving the 
issues of the global economy, blockchain technology is the best channel to deliver it to the 
global market. In the next 10 years blockchain will be the definitive space from where 
such a thing will emerge.  The market will accept the solutions that can address stable 
money issues most systematically. 

 

5. PROBLEM 

On the one hand the financial environment shows banks that pay 0% or negative interest 
on saving deposits. On the other hand, central banks need to print money and create 
inflation required for growth. Brokers, intermediaries and payment system providers 
charge additional costs. The cumulative results for end users are that holding or 



 

4 
 

transacting money is costly. Finally, inflation is the single largest problem, which destroys 
50% of money’s value quickly – in a decade or two – if it does not work actively for the 
saver.  

Many try to solve the problem of wealth degradation with asset management, gold, 
commodities and various other assets as alternatives, yet due to specific or limited 
practicality, liquidity or risk of each class, they cannot become a substitute for a stable 
monetary solution. 

 

6. X8C CURRENCY TOKEN 

 
a. BUSINESS IDEA AND CONCEPT 

We have developed the solution that provides the missing link, that can fight abrupt 
market drops, inflation and the negative effect they create for users. The solution is that 
money you have saved will be worth the same amount in 10 years as it is today. The 
opportunity is in how much more money is and will be worth, when you keep it at arm’s 
length from inflation and speculation. 

The approach to this is systematic and driven by unique portfolio risk management 
financial technology. It has been proven in a real production environment. It enables the 
creation of a safe, hyper-liquid and secure foundation for an instrument like a 
cryptocurrency. For this solution to be available to 3,5 billion people this principle is 
applied as a cryptocurrency model on blockchain technology.  

All in all, the business idea of the project includes creating and producing a stable 
cryptocurrency backed by traditional fiat currency reserves and creating the ultimate 
solution for global payments. The diversification and 100% backing of the reserves 
creates safety and the strong foundation necessary for a cryptocurrency, while our fintech 
technology is continuously working to find the best exchange rates for the elements in the 
reserve in order to preserve value over longer periods of time. The technology driving the 
portfolio is ARM AI (Automatic Reserve Management Artificial Intelligence), developed 
by ioNectar and is described in the technology whitepaper (http://bit.ly/2shdOZs). We 
named this product the X8currency. 

 
b. HOW X8C CURRENCY TOKEN WORKS 

X8currency consists of the top 8 global currencies plus physical gold reserve. When an 
investor wants to buy this product, he can buy it with fiat currencies or with 
cryptocurrencies. When our system receives an incoming transaction, it uses its own 
technology to automatically diversify the amount of the payment into proportions of 
EUR, USD, JPY, GBP, CAD, AUD, CHF, NZD and gold – the X8currency basket. This 
money becomes a part of the reserves. The system also diversifies the reserves across up 
to 8 different brokers and banks using Financial Information Exchange Protocol. The 
result is that of maximum possible risk diversification. 



 

5 
 

 

 

This diversified basket of currencies and a diversified network of banks and brokers 
prevent a scenario of significant loss and protect an investor from individual currency 
price fluctuations or individual bank/broker failure. Bank reserve deposits are further 
reinsured to create the safest possible cryptocurrency package. Bank reserve deposits will 
be reinsured with the Swiss Re, the leading global reinsurer. 

Ratios of currencies in the diversified basket are optimized with the Automatic Reserve 
Management AI technology, so that the basket remains stable and is able to fight off the 
effect of inflation with a small but safe natural rate of up to 1-3% p.a..  

 

 



 

6 
 

c. TOKEN MODEL 

The X8 Project created 2 tokens to achieve its purpose. The main product is the 
cryptocurrency token, in the whitepaper referred to as X8C currency token. The second 
product is the X8X utility token, which acts as a software license for direct access to the 
system and enables zero fee trading and fair value exchange for X8C currency tokens in the 
system. 

X8C CURRENCY TOKEN 

X8C CURRENCY TOKEN WILL NOT BE THE SUBJECT OF A TGE. The X8C currency token 
will have the symbol X8C. It operates on Ethereum technology (ERC-20 standard).  

● The X8C currency token does not have an arbitrary limit regarding the volume of 
tokens that can be created. Ethereum sets a maximum technical limit of the amount 
of X8C currency tokens to 2256. 

● Each token comes into existence with a user making a purchase of it with a cash 
payment to the X8C currency token issuer. Each token unit is fully backed by fiat cash 
& gold cash reserves.  

● During the lifetime of an individual X8C currency token the cash and gold reserves 
backing it are managed by ARM AI, a technology developed by ioNectar.  

● At the point, when a user decides to sell his X8C currency tokens back to the issuer, 
the reserves backing the tokens are exchanged for the user’s X8C currency tokens.  

● Once the exit transaction is completed these X8C currency tokens are destroyed by 
the issuer.  

 



 

7 
 

X8X UTILITY TOKEN 

For this qualification process the X8C currency token issuer X8 Capital AG, currently under 
formation, uses the X8X utility token, with the symbol X8X. X8X utility token also operates 
on Ethereum technology (ERC-20 standard).  

Following multiple legal consultations across various jurisdictions, X8 Team is fully 
confident that X8X utility token falls under the classification of a utility token and NOT a 
security. X8X utility token acts like a membership coupon that grants access to the X8C 
currency token. To further explain that the X8X utility token is without any doubt a UTILITY 
Token, we summarize its description, function and characteristics, hereafter: 

● The X8X utility token will have a fixed and limited supply of 100.000.000 tokens. 
There will be no additional X8X utility tokens created in the future. Tokens will be 
created during the TGE described in the TGE roadmap. 

● The X8X utility token performs as an entry ticket and is required to qualify for direct 
access to the X8C currency token. Verified KYC enables clients to 
participate/contribute in the TGE – X8X utility token.  

● X8X utility token is a link to a software sublicense for the use of ARM AI technology 
service through the X8currency product. 

● The amount of X8X utility tokens held by a user dictates how much X8C currency 
tokens a user can obtain from the issuer X8 Capital AG, company currently under 
formation. The ratio for calculating the X8X utility token requirement for a certain 
allotment size of X8C currency tokens is X8X = √X8C, or X8X2 = X8C.  

● The X8X utility token does not have an expiry date. As long as a user holds X8X utility 
tokens with the X8C currency tokens issuer, it allows the user to use the entry and exit 
facility of X8C currency token as many times as one wants. 

 

As there is no burning of tokens anywhere at any point in the process, X8X utility tokens 
remain in circulation at all times. The level and scope of X8X utility token utilization in the 
system through the use of the X8C currency token will drive the scarcity factor for the X8X 
utility token in the market. 



 

8 
 

The issuer of the tokenized license or the X8X utility tokens and the issuer of the X8C 
currency tokens are separate corporate entities. Both entities are Swiss corporate entities 
described in the corporate infrastructure section. Corporate entities are separated in order to 
protect form conflict of interest. The separated structure enables the most transparent 
overview of performances, easier auditing and accountable service payments. 

 

d. PROJECT USE CASES (X8C currency token) 

UPCOMING TOKEN GENERATION EVENTS FROM THIRD PARTIES 

TGEs, popularly referred to as ICOs, are the part of the crypto market which the 
X8currency product can transform the most. TGEs are raising funds in a cryptocurrency 
such as BTC or ETH. The goal for TGEs is to attract and maintain funding available for 
the execution of their underlying project. This includes costs like salaries, rents, IT 
hardware, etc. Funding needs to suffice for the entire period of the project – typically 
between 2 to 4 years. If a TGE raises funds in a volatile cryptocurrency, which can drop by 
50% or more, such a TGE and its project is in danger. If that happens, funds run out more 
quickly, which can be before the project is complete.  

This is the danger that TGEs can avoid by raising their TGE funds in the X8C currency 
token avoiding any costs with X8X utility tokens. TGE funds that are raised in the X8C 
currency token will stay safe and retain their stable value throughout the entire duration 
of the project. That way project’s runway stays stable and project funding can be planned 
with precision and certainty. 

 

CONTRIBUTORS TO THIRD PARTY TGEs 

People look for new projects with good ideas and products. They contribute during TGEs 
of the projects they want to support. Nevertheless, during a TGE the tokens sent by the 
supporter can be locked for a period of time until the project sets the token conversion 
rate for the TGE, for example in ETH. Despite approaches to minimize the unwanted risk 
it still makes contributors feel like they are on their own. They are not sure at what value 
they will convert the tokens right up to the last moment.  

TGEs will be able to significantly improve the situation for their contributors when 
choosing to raise funds in the X8C currency token, because the stability of the X8C 
currency token enables very easy conversion rate planning and by using X8X utility 
tokens no additional costs. Contributors will be able to know the conversion rate and the 
amount of tokens they will receive for their contributions with minimum influence from 
market volatility. Contributors simply want the decision about the contribution amount 
to be completely in their hands and under their control without market uncertainty linked 
to it. The X8C currency token provides that. 

 

 



 

9 
 

PRIVATE INDIVIDUALS – TRADITIONAL SAVERS 

If you are a private individual, who travels a lot or works internationally, you are well 
aware of fluctuations in prices of currencies. When the Brexit event happened, people 
who work in the UK, especially those who work there as foreigners, learned that in real 
terms their savings and salaries have been reduced by 10% - 20% during the course of a 
single day.  

Such a situation can be avoided by saving your money in X8C currency token, which is 
not dependent on price fluctuations of individual currencies. During the Brexit event the 
X8 portfolio lost less than 2% and regained a positive movement shortly thereafter, while 
on the other hand GBP continued to depreciate even further. With X8C currency token 
any saver can be protected, so that losses from such and similar scenarios don't affect him 
or her.  

 

CRYPTO INVESTORS 

There is a strong case for a stable cryptocurrency to be used even by crypto market 
investors, who speculate to achieve high returns. There are many who invested into 
cryptocurrencies early on and are sitting on big profits.  

If such an investor decides he or she wants to lock in profits, an investor must convert a 
cryptocurrency back into cash. The X8C currency token works beautifully for this very 
purpose. Because the X8C currency token is cash and gold backed it is an ideal safe haven 
option, which enables investors to exit bubbles and move into cash without the need to 
leave crypto.  

 

FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 

Financial institutions are facing the market situation from a different perspective. For an 
entity like a pension fund, an important aspect of investing is liquidity and low costs. 
Markets that cannot offer efficient entry and exit for large order sizes are not appropriate 
for institutions. These investors are afraid that they could remain trapped in a market 
which is moving rapidly against them.  

X8C currency token solves this situation. If relevant regulation will be revised, pension 
funds will be able to use X8C currency token because it is a hyper liquid instrument and a 
cryptocurrency which is safe and stable and, at the same time fights inflation. In this way 
a pension fund avoids the risk of less liquid and more volatile bond markets and also 
solves the negative bank deposits interest problem.  

 

 

 



 

10 
 

MERCHANTS 

Merchants are looking to accept payments in cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin because of 
crypto payment system benefits. Nevertheless, as a merchant you are taking risks with 
accepting such a currency because the price can change quickly. If the business has 
narrow operating margins, those can evaporate in front of your eyes during the sale of the 
product. Price drops can be that sudden and significant.  

When a merchant decides to accept X8C currency tokens, the merchant solves his 
problems. With the X8C currency token any merchant can achieve his margins safely 
without dangerous currency speculation and the merchant can focus on the sale. X8C 
currency token is the most stable instrument, plus it offers the benefits of crypto 
technology and is therefore an ideal instrument to be used in payments.  

 

e. PROJECT USE CASES (X8 utility token – X8X) 

 
TGEs: SECURING A STABLE CURRENCY FUNCTION FOR A TGE 
 
TGEs require a predictable runway for their project, yet they are predominantly 
depending on a highly volatile cryptocurrency for their funding. TGE plans also have 
different durations and cost dynamics creating further uncertainty about how to ensure 
stable and predictable funding for a particular period. The risk is borne by TGEs and 
should be managed according to each individual business profile. 
 
With the X8X utility token TGEs can meet their needs for a stable currency function most 
cost efficiently. It is a ticket that provides direct access to a safe, stable and liquid X8C 
currency token. TGEs can calculate the required qualification level for a certain X8C 
currency token allotment size in advance and then use it at will and at any time according 
to their needs and without fees. 
 

 
PRIVATE INVESTORS: STANDBY AVAILABILITY FOR FAST CRYPTO/FIAT 
TRANSITIONING 
 
Private investors want to improve their safety by preparing themselves for the best and 
fastest possible exit from the market if and when they will need it. They want to be able to 
make quick transitions from their crypto investment portfolio into the safety of fiat cash. 
Nevertheless, they don't want to pay expensive fees every time they do the reallocation. 
 
In markets, reaction is key, and history has shown that it can be too late to start preparing 
for negative market scenarios after uncertainty has already intensified. It is best to have a 
fast and flexible transition on standby at all times and that is by holding X8X utility 
tokens. The X8X utility token opens up a direct and fast route for direct entry into and 
exit from the X8C currency token at reserves’ full fair value, independent of X8C currency 



 

11 
 

token liquidity on crypto exchanges. An X8X utility token holder can repeat the 
fiat/crypto transitioning process, which saves fees every time and with every use. 

 
 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS: REDUCING COSTS FOR LARGE SCALE TRANSACTION 
ACTIVITY      
 
Financial institutions usually have to organize larger teams when entering a new 
business, they engage financial transactions on a continuous basis and spend more 
resources to support and maintain activity. Often also acting as wholesale agents, 
financial institutions and large distributors need to find something in it for themselves 
and their ability to develop new business lucratively. 
 
The X8 system helps to negotiate best terms for larger clients of the X8C currency token 
because at larger sizes the X8X utility token requirement percentage is lower. In larger 
X8C currency token transactions, additional increases in the amount of X8C currency 
token requires a smaller additional amount of X8X utility token the higher we look on the 
scale. The cost to utilize a safe, stable and liquid cryptocurrency therefore does not, in 
principle, increase beyond the value of its utility for a large client such as a financial 
institution. 
 
 
LARGE DISTRIBUTORS: EARNING ACTIVE INCOME FOR LARGE DISTRIBUTORS 
 
The principle of economies of scale integrated into the X8X utility token helps large 
businesses so that they can find a place where they can play an active role. For their 
performance there must be incentive which enables these participants to pursue activities 
that are in common cause with the X8 project. High quality distribution results in a better 
reward according to the token formula. Large distributors can achieve the best effect with 
their own skills, knowhow, work and their existing business infrastructure.   
 
If a large distributor buys 100.000 X8X utility tokens and sells them to 1.000 smaller 
buyers of equal size, every small buyer buys 100 X8X utility tokens. With this amount 
each buyer is eligible to trade up to 10.000 of X8C currency tokens. In total all 1.000 
small buyers are able to use up to 10.000.000 of X8C currency tokens. The large 
distributor can obtain the same access for 10M X8C currency tokens with only 3162,28 
X8X utility tokens. The broader and more even the distribution the more quickly and at a 
lower market capitalization of X8C currency tokens all of the X8X utility tokens become 
utilized and therefore attain their proper utility value.  
 
 
SPECULATORS & TRADERS: PROTECTION AGAINST VOLATILITY SEASONS 
 
During crypto market uncertainty the crypto safe havens will receive increased demand. 
Because in volatile times the benefit of stability is larger, the safe haven fees are usually 
sensitive to levels of uncertainty about crypto prices. Since the X8X utility token 



 

12 
 

guarantees zero fee trading with a safe haven cryptocurrency throughout various stages of 
market cycles the token protects the buyers from volatility seasons, which can otherwise 
negatively influence the availability and the safe haven fee schedule. 
 
For holders of X8X utility tokens the cost will remain the same throughout the holding 
period of the X8X utility token. Holders will always need the same amount of X8X utility 
tokens to access our safe haven cryptocurrency regardless of the volatility in the crypto 
market. Seasons in volatilities in the crypto market during the holding period will not 
make the use of the X8C currency token any more expensive to him or her. This utility 
value of the token offers a stable reference for the speculator and enables the speculator 
to focus on trading and searching for opportunities without worrying about changing 
trade conditions. 
 
 

f. CORPORATE INFRASTRUCTURE 

 
Issuer: Issuer of the X8currency tokens will be X8 Capital AG. The Company is under 
formation in Zug, Switzerland. It will be a FINMA regulated Company. 
 
X8 Capital AG will be the issuer of X8currency. X8 Capital AG will create X8C currency 
tokens, hold and manage cash reserves and allow a direct exit window for X8C token 
holders who also hold the X8X utility token. X8 Capital AG also removes X8C currency 
tokens from issuance after X8C currency tokens have served their purpose. X8 Capital AG 
will deal with clients who will have completed the qualification process for direct X8C 
currency token access. 
 
X8 AG, a Swiss Company incorporated in Zug, was established to administer and regulate 
all aspects of the X8 TGE and to provide IT and software solutions for financial portfolio 
applications. 

 
 

g. IP OF THE PROJECT 

The technology behind the X8currency is a set of computer algorithms. These computer 
algorithms together make up the ioNectar portfolio risk management platform. The 
mechanism provided in the platform is called Automatic Reserve Management AI – ARM 
AI. The license for the use of the technology will be issued by X8 AG, Zug. X8 AG 

The X8C currency token issuer X8 Capital AG, company in formation, will be granted 
with an exclusive license to use the technology and algorithms of the ARM AI for use and 
application in blockchain. X8 Capital AG will sublicense its users (X8C currency token 
users) through the mechanism of the X8X utility token. Each X8X utility token will 
represent a sublicense, which will allow the utility token holder to access the X8currency 
product directly and use entry/exit functions to this technology. 

 



 

13 
 

7. BUSINESS MODEL 

The entire business model of the X8 project is tokenized. In the absence of fees in the 
model the X8X utility token plays the role of an indicator of business activity with the 
X8C currency token.  

The X8X utility token is a KYC token and is 
an entry ticket to: 

● zero-fee X8C currency token 
trading directly with the issuer 

● buy & sell X8C currency token at 
full fair value 

● direct access to X8C currency token 
liquidity w/o crypto exchange 

● use of the ticket more than once – 
without expiry 

● link to IP sub-license 
 
The X8X utility token is useful especially 
when crypto market prices fluctuate to the 
downside and buyers are willing to buy this 
token to be able to protect their assets 
from negative trends as quickly as possible. 
User cannot buy X8C currency tokens 
directly from the issuer without holding 
X8X utility tokens. 

 
 

 
8. MARKET 

This chapter describes how business activity with the X8C currency token is connected to the 
X8X utility token and how it might drive developments in the X8X utility token market. 

 

TOKEN SUCCESS FACTORS 

The X8 token model enables new market development for contributors and supporters 
without passive value distribution mechanisms. Because any user needs the X8X utility token 
first in order to trade a certain amount of X8C currency tokens from the issuer, X8X behaves 
as a license. It is the entry product of the system. The price of this license will be determined 
freely by the market. 

Nevertheless, even though X8X holders and supporters will have subjective participation in 
the formation of the X8X market, there are objective and observable factors, which will 
measure the success of this token model: 

 the overall average trade size of the X8C currency token,  
 the level of X8X utility token utilization and its scarcity,  
 crypto market capitalization development and the level of cautiousness. 



 

14 
 

AVERAGE X8CURRENCY ALLOTMENT 

If a user wants to use X8C currency token, the token model calculates the level of X8X utility 
token requirement for any requested X8C currency token allotment size.  

The X8X = √X8C formula shows that with increasing X8C currency token allotment size the 
relative required amount of X8X utility token decreases. Therefore, users with larger 
allocations will be able to afford to pay higher prices for the X8X utility token. 

This table below shows how the price of the utility token can change when investors will start 
to increasingly use the X8C currency token.  The table is purely hypothetical. Every user has 
his or her own threshold and tolerance for the cost to buy the access license to a safe haven. 
The market will find its own equilibrium for the price of the entry ticket set by all the users. 
Users will set the prices freely not necessarily reflecting hypothetical scenarios in the table 
chart. 

 

 

SCARCITY DUE TO UTILIZATION 

When the market will accept and start adopting X8currency, an increasing amount of X8X 
utility tokens will be bought by users to access the safe haven and to start using X8C currency 
token functionality. However, the issuance volume of X8X utility tokens is fixed and no more 
than 100.000.000 will exist. 

As a result, the scarcity effect will grow and by the time all X8X utility tokens will be utilized, 
users in the market will want to charge for the internal utility value of the X8X utility token. 
This internal utility value will reflect the level of value preservation and some protection 
against inflation which the X8C currency token will be able to offer to its users. This level can 
be between 1-3% p.a. created by ARM AI. 



 

15 
 

 

 

 

Cumulatively this value can amount to $160M - $480M in just one year if X8currency would 
gain 10% market share in overall market capitalization. If X8X utility tokens (sublicenses) 
will have very high and stable utilization, this will be an important reference for finding the 
utility value of the system in dollars. 

 

MARKET CAP AND FEAR PREMIUM 

Inevitably, the developments in the X8X utility token market will also depend on the size of 
the entire crypto  market, in which our product will compete. Trends show that a lot of 
additional new liquidity is about to enter the crypto market.  

The source of this new liquidity will increasingly come from financial institutions, who have 
not yet participated with significant shares so far because of investment policy rules adopted 
before the crypto market existed as an asset class. Efforts are being expended on the part of 
institutions to change the outdated asset class categorizations, which will enable crypto 
market capitalization to go from billions to trillions.  



 

16 
 

An additional increase in crypto market size will bring bigger opportunities for existing 
crypto investors to take their profits. The average level of risk aversion is also higher among 
institutional investors, who want to play it safe when dealing with larger volumes. This 
creates the market for liquid safe haven instruments and it is a place where we can grow our 
market share.  

Currently the market cycle is still in its “Stealth Phase”, approaching “Take off” point as 
shown in the next chart. With the lack of regulatory certainty and fully compliant, liquid and 
stable crypto alternatives there is only minimum speculative institutional presence in the 
crypto market. This participation characteristic shows overall how early in the cycle the 
crypto market and blockchain technology is really positioned. 

 

VALUE REFERENCE POINTS 

The equation for our contributors and supporters states that in order to achieve the best 
possible value for the user, it is best to deliver a working product to the market with the 
lowest possible costs. Because the project will create a fixed amount of 100.000.000 X8X 
utility tokens, the level of funds raised during the TGE inevitably translates into production 
cost level per X8X utility token. This in turn determines how competitive the utility service 
will be in the market.  

The X8 project creates a completely tokenized business model, where all costs for the utility 
service set up are covered with the funds raised during the TGE. This means that after the 
funds will be spent during a 3-year runway, the entire business activity will transition into the 
tokenized domain, which will keep structure competitive and highly cost effective. This is also 



 

17 
 

the best way to promote our tokens and what they offer. Users therefore will know they will 
always be able to obtain our utility service for its fair value. 

 

RELATIVE VALUE 

In 2017 the majority of fundraising for start-ups has been recorded as coming from crypto 
investors for the first time. Bitcoin holders have become a dominant force in this field, taking 
over the reins from traditional VC investors. Nevertheless, Bitcoin users see the environment 
from the perspective of their cryptocurrency.  

Bitcoin started with a market capitalization of less than $2 million and was able to multiply 
by more than 5.000 times in around 8 years. The key point is, can a new product be offered 
to the crypto market with the potential to grow and develop a new market in a similar way to 
that of Bitcoin going forward?  

Only if this cognitive link can be made and the answer is yes, can there then be a good chance 
that Bitcoin holders will become interested in a new product and accept it. The low initial 
starting level for the project and the product plays an important role. Projects that can 
sustain their development through various incremental stages of development demonstrate 
an inherent capability to succeed in the market. It also points to an ability to develop 
strategically and to sustainably grow without too many resources required.  

Starting at a low level also has another positive effect. It ensures highest availability of the 
product in the market and the broadest possible distribution of users worldwide. That holds 
true even if users value the service more during phases when the market is fearful of large 
crypto market price drops. This means that more of the users will be able to enjoy full 
flexibility that the expiry-free X8X entry ticket gives to them. 

 

PROJECTIONS 

Crypto market capitalization is projected to grow further, yet relative growth will be larger in 
the stable money segment. This segment will start gaining on the share that long-only 
instruments populate.  

 More than 10% of total crypto market capitalization will be allocated from speculative 
long-only investments into stable and conservative investments during 2018-2019.  

 In 2-5 years conservative investments will match the level present in the current 
densely populated speculative area. The majority of money will come from new 
liquidity sources such as TGE’s/ICO’s, institutions and traditional investors.  

 More than $100B in additional market capitalization will be created in various stable 
instruments. X8currency targets a 5-10% market share in the segment with the X8C 
currency token 

 

 



 

18 
 

Together with the neutral market segment, another market segment will start to grow.  

 By the year 2020 1%-5% of total market capitalization will be in crypto tokens that in 
will move in an independent or opposite direction to the general market. Total 
capitalization of this market segment will reach $10B.   

 X8X utility token, which has the ability to behave as a benchmark volatility index, is 
targeting a 10% or larger market share (similar to VIX). We are positioning the X8X 
utility token to be the market leader in this segment. 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The X8C currency token will target the neutral market segment with the following 3-year 
amount of assets under management (AUM) projection: 

● $100.000.000 AUM - 2018 
● $1.000.000.000 AUM - 2019 
● $10.000.000.000 AUM – 2020 

 

 

9. ROADMAP 

 



 

19 
 

COMPLETED MILESTONES 

2012 Q1 

Already in 2012 the team established a technology for B2B interconnectivity with banks 
and brokers. The team has been working with FIX Protocol for many years and has 
become proficient in establishing professional grade connectivity to financial institutions. 
This has been advanced further, so that multi-broker account structure could serve 
manual trading, which is the traditional style, and some semi-automatic trading functions 
for larger orders, which can take longer to be executed in full.  

2014 Q4 

For the team and the project it was crucial to progress further and established a multi-
broker control, which can be very efficiently delivered through the format of a 
comprehensive trading platform. The advantages of virtualizing the control over any 
account combination across multi-bank or multi-broker structures through the platform 
meant the manager saves a lot of time, because the manager can scroll through accounts 
that exist with different providers very quickly and can trade for any of them without 
changing windows on the screen. This functionality was the strongest focus during late 
2013 and 2014. 

2015 Q2 

After completion it led to implementations of additional B2B connections. CFH Clearing, 
London, Squared Financial, Dublin and River East Markets connections were added to 
the system. The architecture was put into live operations and served live client accounts 
with the providers. The hardware requirement grew and as a result we decided to move 
on to assemble a small but efficient server cluster in a secured TIER-4 datacentre 
location.  

2016 Q1 

In January of 2016 we successfully established a small-scale but high quality production 
capacity and practical implementation of a service. Operations from the datacentre 
enable fastest response and maximum up-time of all the trading connections with our 
B2B partners. The secure environment is also the best environment for the longevity of 
the system itself because of the high power supply, cooling and fire protection standards 
of the datacentre. 

2016 Q2 

During the entire time our long term focus has always been on asset management and 
portfolio risk management. The trading platform is the necessary foundation stone one 
needs to effectively perform asset management, yet this is a well-researched area and 
there are many trading platforms. However, none of the solutions offered precise 
portfolio risk management control. Our aim has always been to deliver that to the 
manager in real-time. It represents the essence of more than 10 years of research and 
development. From December of 2015 to June of 2016 we were gradually introducing 



 

20 
 

ARM AI – Automatic Reserve Management AI. Initially we started live trading with the 
diversification base and aggregate portfolio risk management. We continued and 
completed the process with live implementation of ultra-deep precision calculations, 
which maximizes micro accuracy of the ARM AI and brings it to its optimal efficiency. 

2017 Q1 

This technology applies the manager's perspective onto portfolio risk management of the 
account and executes it fully automatically on command. It is a professional tool for a 
professional portfolio manager or a skilled financial expert. The technology has been in 
operation on live institutional accounts for the first year and has been proven during 
circumstances like the Brexit event, when the British currency dropped by nearly 20% in 
a short amount of time. Another GBP flash crash event after the Brexit vote also proved 
that the portfolio structure can remain safe and stable when a supposed “fat finger” sent 
GBP tanking in world capital markets by 10% in less than 5 minutes. The diversification 
effect in the portfolio always remained dominant and ARM AI activity during these events 
consistently produced a net positive effect independently of any individual currency 
movements. 

APPLYING THE TECHNOLOGY 

The X8currency blueprint has been a consequence of our fintech development into 
covering all economically sound applications of the technology. One such application is in 
traditional B2B account management. However, the external and objective entry hurdles 
for the full service dictate that it is effective and accessible for HNWI’s and institutional 
clients only. Another application of the technology through a prepackaged trading signal 
service reduces the entry hurdle so that it can be available for medium size accounts. This 
extends our reach in the field and we can service clients, who don’t require a highly 
customizable portfolio solution, yet have an available trading account that they wish to 
activate. Nevertheless, the entry hurdle for the user can be reduced even further to a 
minimum when applying technology on a cryptocurrency model. 

CRYPTOCURRENCY  

Reserve management under one multi-account structure allows reserves to accumulate 
incrementally from a number of individual cryptocurrency users. The cryptocurrency 
product has the ability to circulate and be used in very low amounts once created. That is 
a key element for wider adoption of the product. We created the X8currency blueprint to 
target this, up to now, almost uninhabited part of the crypto market space most precisely 
from a long-term perspective and to have the best position to gain market share. 

 

FUTURE MILESTONES 

X8 AG, ZUG (5.12.2017) 

An important milestone is the incorporation of X8 AG, Zug and in the future X8 Capital 
AG, Zug, in Switzerland. This will provide the global business platform, which will also 



 

21 
 

comply with all the rules and regulations in the blockchain and cryptocurrency space. 
Crypto Valley in Switzerland is one of the best places in the world for cryptocurrency 
operations.  

X8 AG is be a non-regulated company providing software solutions for financial analytics 
and processes of the portfolio risk management, while X8 Capital AG will be a licensed 
asset management entity and will hold accounts with traditional brokers and crypto 
currency exchanges for asset management operations and X8currency business 
execution. The company will also comply with US rules and regulations.  

X8 AG and X8 CAPITAL AG (company under formation) are setting the highest standard 
in the crypto-fintech space in terms of compliance and AML procedures. In fact, they  
implement strict AML/KYC procedures when it comes to on-boarding and accepting 
clients and handling client funds. 

 

CRYPTO ENTRY/EXIT (Q1 2018) 

With the completed company incorporation milestone and the TGE milestone, the project 
will be able to continue with the opening of a corporate account with a crypto exchange. 
The plan is to implement a regulated corporate service by Bitstamp as one of the first in 
this group. We already have an established contact with this crypto exchange. Since 
Bitstamp is FIX Protocol compliant, an account with Bitstamp will directly open an 
execution channel for ETH or BTC entry and exit in and out from the reserves of the 
X8currency product. That is another key element in moving toward actual market 
presence of the X8C currency token. Once the basic account infrastructure is in place, it 
will be possible to start linking X8X utility tokens and X8C currency tokens and their 
functions to the accounts.  

 

X8X LISTING ON A CRYPTO EXCHANGE (Q1 2018) 

X8 Project is planning to strengthen the path toward listings on various crypto exchanges 
by a broad community base and a broad diversification of X8X utility tokens. Our main 
position however will be the compliance that we will bring with us and be able to apply 
for listings on U.S. crypto exchanges as well as others. During Q1 2018 we plan to be 
successful with at least one of the bigger known crypto exchanges. 

Implemented Bitstamp connectivity and implemented links from both tokens to 
functions of the account system will mean that the X8C currency token will already be 
able to start to operate. Even though this cryptocurrency will start from 0 reserve level, it 
will be technically available and on the market, because it will be able to convert ETH into 
USD on the crypto exchange. During 2018 Q2 the project will continue with the 
implementation and proceed with testing of the functionality. Early stages will create first 
few real X8C currency tokens for testing purposes done by the issuer. 

 



 

22 
 

PROTO RESERVES ACCUMULATION (Q3 2018) 

After live start, the reserves will start to build up with each ETH payment sent to the 
auto-conversion smart contract address. Received ETH will be sent to our crypto 
exchange wallet and converted on the crypto exchange for fiat currency and vice-versa. As 
the amount of the reserves will grow, they will go through several formation stages before 
the system will gradually activate all components. This early formation process is called 
Proto-reserves accumulation. 

During the earliest stage the X8currency portfolio will start with a US dollar account and 
will use nominal 1:1 convertibility until the reserves reach a level beyond 2 million USD. 
X8currency cannot diversify a global portfolio until the mass of the reserves is sufficient 
to perform diversification of the reserves across the top 8 fiat currencies and gold and 
then further across more than one broker. Proto-reserves accumulation predicts that full 
portfolio diversification will be achieved at 100 million USD.  

 

FIAT DIVERSIFICATION (Q3 2018) 

At a level above 2 million USD the reserves can be diversified across major fiat currencies 
effectively. However, before the reserves can start to be actively managed as a dynamic 
portfolio with changing currency ratios, the reserves must increase beyond the threshold 
level where ARM AI can satisfy broker minimum trade size when making small 
incremental adjustments during each small currency market price change. This starts at 
20 million USD in reserves volume. 

 

CRYPTO-TO-FIAT ARM AI ACTIVATION (Q3 2018) 

A Crypto-to-Fiat reserves distribution mechanism is necessary to automatically transfer 
reserves coming in from crypto to the broader global account network, where they can be 
managed in the currency market by the ARM AI. The process will also work in the 
opposite direction. This link will create everything necessary for the market capitalization 
of the X8C currency token to be completely dynamic in both directions and actively 
working in the market during each reserve unit’s lifetime. 

GOLD STORAGE ACTIVATION (Q4 2018) 

At over 50 million USD in reserves the portfolio can already accommodate gold holdings 
very effectively. There are costs linked to gold storage and cash gold holding 
management, which prohibit economic viability for low amounts. These costs become 
manageable when working with around 5 million USD worth in gold cash, which also 
enables e-Gold ARM AI – electronic intraday portfolio adjustments, which save costs of 
buying and selling physical gold intraday. 

 

 



 

23 
 

GLOBAL MULTI-BROKER DIVERSIFICATION (Q1 2019) 

The final step towards full global diversification of actively managed reserves will be 
completed when the level of reserves and the system will enable real-time multi-broker 
dynamic diversification of reserves inflow. This will further increase the safety of reserves 
and will protect the process from technical downtime by any individual broker or from 
individual broker business failure. Multi-broker diversification will also increase X8C 
currency token’s liquidity capability because the system will be able to exchange larger 
amounts into various currencies more quickly, combining the liquidity available through 
multiple broker channels. 

 

PAYMENT SYSTEM SUPPORT (Q4 2019) 

When the full-scale operating global portfolio basket will enable seamless transitions in 
every direction and will offer an unmatched standard of safety and protection against 
market shocks, it will become a global platform capable of providing a valuable service in 
everyday payments. Because of its safe nature, 100% cash and gold backing and full 
compliance with regulations it will have the best position to establish links with payment 
systems. This is a milestone element, which opens up X8currency product for broader 
adoption by a vast variety of target audiences, looking for a proven, safe, liquid and secure 
payment instrument. 

 

10. TEAM 

a. FOUNDERS 
 

GREGOR KOŽELJ 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/gregor-ko%C5%BEelj-19075434/ 

Gregor is behind some of the main design features of the ioNectar platform. Gregor 
combine his natural investment perspective with advanced contemporary technology 
capabilities into a winning philosophical balance. His accumulated experience comes 
from working as a portfolio manager in the institutional environment, advising funds, 
HNWIs and specialists in foreign exchange and other markets. He also has advanced FIX 
Protocol knowledge, extensive experience in matrix computer programming and is 
proficient in portfolio risk management. 

 

TOMAŽ LEPOŠA 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tomaz-leposa/ 

Tomaž, with his long-term experience in business, is responsible for executing the sales 
strategy and tactics. The focus is to drive the business forward in creating stronger 



 

24 
 

relationships, converting more prospects in gaining potential clients, increasing sales, 
creating operational efficiency, and lastly creating a fun and motivational environment. 

 

ALY KULAUZOVIĆ 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/aly-kulauzovic-66461113b/ 

His experience with entrepreneurship, business organization and sales management has 
given him a valuable insight into business processes and development. His approach to 
team management and integration makes business operation a smooth and exciting 
experience. 

 

FRANCESCA GRECO 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/francescagg/ 

Francesca is a Lawyer with a long experience as a Director in Private Equity Funds and 
has been providing strategic legal and financial advice through her companies in Dubai, 
London, Zurich and Brussels. She also advises companies on Government Relations and 
Regulatory Affairs. She is Director of X8 AG and she is responsible for relations with the 
Swiss financial institutions and Regulators (FINMA, SRO, Zug Canton, etc). 

 

RUDOLF P. STROEBL 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rudolfstroebl/ 

Rudolf Ströbl is a financial expert and program-developer with over 20 years of 
experience in various projects involving precious metals, options, equities and digital 
currencies. He has also developed models and algorithms in the Forex Markets. Currently 
he is the Managing Director of FX & Project Management GMBH in Switzerland. 

 

b. LEAD DEVELOPERS 
 

SIMON HOHLER 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/simonhohler/ 

Simon is a seasoned computer expert with an extensive range of programing skills in 
different computer languages. As the CTO of ioNectar he knows the area of the platform 
client and manages technological releases of the product. He is creativity driven with 
insight in new products development and is behind different original aspects of the 
platform. 

 

 

 



 

25 
 

ERVIN MARGUČ 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ervinmarguc/ 

Ervin is a specialist in IT. He brings together his broad technical proficiency from 
computer science and manages all the main IT administration perspectives of ioNectar. 
Work in specialized software and electronics product solutions is his passion which he 
has been following. Through persistent expansion of his ability Ervin repeatedly proves 
that he is an IT authority. 

 

ALEN OBERSTAR 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/alen-oberstar-9815a3b0/ 

An IT expert with years of participation in the world of cryptocurrencies. His experience 
in computer programming and knowledge of IT is a valuable contribution to the 
company. The products of ioNectar gave him an opportunity to employ his skills in a new 
and exciting way. He is also responsible for ICO communications. 

 

ERGIM RAMADAN 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ergim-ramadan-033b54140/ 

A computer programmer proficient in several computer languages. He is involved in 
developing the key components of the ioNectar technology. He is eager to use his 
knowledge to build bridges between blockchain technology and the world of traditional 
finance. 

 
 

c. GENERAL TEAM 
 

DAVID PREŽELJ 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-prezelj/ 

With a background in social sciences and a focus on the collapse of complex systems, he 
welcomed the opportunity to explore issues of financial stability. His passion for research 
led him to become one of the main contributors to the company's xfeed. He is also in 
charge of TGE communications. 

 

LENART KMETIČ 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/lenart-kmetic/ 

Lenart manages and supervises legal aspects of the company's business. With experience 
in a law office, he finds working in the area of finance an opportunity to expand his skills 
and understanding of legal dimensions of finance. 

 



 

26 
 

SOFIA KULAUZOVIĆ 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sofia-bisaki-kulauzovic/ 

Sofia is in charge of visual presentations and design strategies at ioNectar. The dedicated 
and enthusiastic team around her created the right environment for her to express her 
artistic sensibilities and passion for aesthetics in every aspect of the company's 
presentations. 

 

PHIL LAWRENCE 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/phillawrence/ 

An expert problem solver and specialist in commercial negotiation, Phil Lawrence has 
been a most welcome assistant in the formation of the company's strategies. He is the 
Managing Director of an R&D company developing smart textile technologies. 

 

URBAN ALJANČIČ 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/urban-aljančič-747aba153/  

Urban is a long-time cryptocurrency enthusiast with a passion for ICO/TGE research. 
With his expertise in developing and leading teams he has developed a strategic plan to 
achieve the successful launch of the X8 TGE project. His strategic vision has assisted in 
bringing together the existing talents of the X8 team in a coherent manner. 

 

d. ADVISORS 
 

OLAF CHALMER 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/olaf-chalmer-3b921315/ 

Olaf Chalmer is a financial advisor with decades of experience in the banking sector who, 
among other things, offers guidance to investors in the financial sector. Currently he is 
the president of Swiss Management Ltd, a consulting company oriented towards clients 
from Eastern Europe. 

 
 
MIKKEL THORUP 
 
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikkel-thorup-2682375/ 

 
A progressive investment professional with more than 2 decades of experience in top level 
banks. Mikkel is advising globally on interest rate and FX risk and manages alpha driven 
G10 portfolios. He is running an independent trading & advisory business, is also a 
specialist in market making and sits on several investment management boards. 
 
 
 



 

27 
 

PETER KRISTENSEN 
 
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-kristensen-30b136a/ 
 
Peter Kristensen is the CEO of JP Integra LLC US, an international finance service group 
providing administrative and management services to owners and managers of 
international private capital. 

 

MARCUS VON GOETZ 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/markus-von-goetz-10709b86/ 

Marcus von Goetz is a seasoned bond specialist and trader. During his career he held key 
bond trading positions at several prominent financial institutions. He is also a financial 
advisor for larger market participants. Currently his expertise is available to institutional 
clients and venture capital entrepreneurs through VG&S Business Development.   

 

PETER MERC 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-merc-ph-d-550b212/  

With a background in finance and an enthusiasm for blockchain technology attorney 
Peter Merc PhD is the ideal legal consultant for TGEs. He is a member of the supervisory 
board of Slovenian systemic bank and cofounder of Lemur Legal, a legal company 
promoting digital transformation. He helps transform TGEs in legally compliant 
enterprises. 

 

SIMON COCKING 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/simon-cocking-20540135/  

Simon Cocking is a seasoned business mentor to TGEs and a senior editor at Irish Tech 
News. He is also an experienced public speaker at events including TEDx and Web 
Summit. He is a crypto connoisseur and has to date successfully advised and mentored 18 
TGEs. He has also founded six prosperous companies. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

28 
 

11.  TOKEN SALE (TGE – TOKEN GENERATION EVENT) 

 
X8X UTILITY TOKEN 

 

a. TOKEN GENERATION EVENT STAGES 

 
Chronologically, the token generation event will be spread over 5 stages. At each stage a 
particular amount of X8X utility tokens will be generated. The Private Placement stage is 
the only stage during which FIAT cash deposit is accepted.  Private Placement investors 
will receive 18 million X8X utility tokens. 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 
Next, Ethereum (ETH) payments will be accepted from whitelisted addresses, which will 
announce their contribution and undergo KYC in order to participate in a pre-sale.  

 Ethereum sale volume: 34 million X8X utility tokens will be sold to ETH investors  
 Price: 0,1EUR per token to raise 3,4 million EUR in ETH  
 Sequence: Presale / Crowdsale  
 Tokens not sold during the Whitelist Pre-sale, will be sold in the Crowdsale 
 A portion of tokens not sold by the end date of the Crowdsale is added to the 

portion allocated for institutional reserve or crypto airdrop. 

After the completion of the Ethereum sale the team and advisors will receive 15 million 
X8X utility tokens. X8 Capital AG will receive 6 million X8X tokens. 
 
After stage 4 of the TGE there will be 27 million X8X utility tokens left in the reserve for 
institutional buyers. This reserve will be used for an airdrop distributed over a 3-year 
period in case the project does not find institutional buyers for this portion of tokens. 

 
 
 
 



 

29 
 

b. TOKEN DISTRIBUTION 

X8X UTILITY TOKEN 

Token distribution of the X8X utility token is designed to have a broad reach and will 
include various types of supporters of different sizes. Every part of the token distribution 
plays an important role in the process of adoption of the product and stable liquidity of 
the X8X utility token itself as well. 

 

PRIVATE PLACEMENT 

During the private placement the project accepted supporters and contributors who are 
close to the project and know in our area of business. This includes professional investors, 
high net worth individuals, financial businessmen and entrepreneurs. Our strongest base 
comes from a network of people, who have a detailed knowledge of the workings of the 
traditional financial sector, but have a strong interest in blockchain technology. 

 

WHITELIST PRE-SALE 

The blockchain community is an important part in building a successful product. Broader 
adoption of the cryptocurrency product can only happen if the community can be 
engaged with a significant share. 34% of all tokens will be sold during the pre-sale for 
ETH contributors. The whitelist process will increase the ability of a larger number of 
community members with smaller contributions to be able to participate in the process. 
This broadens the diversification of tokens. The crowdsale process will open up for the 
part of the tokens not sold during the whitelist pre-sale process.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

30 
 

TEAM & ADVISORS 

Team members will receive 10% of X8X utility tokens. Tokens will be released to team 
members based upon weighting for individual tasks and time spent with the project. Sales 
of tokens from the Team wallet will initially be locked for a period of 24 months. Each 
month members of the team will be awarded with an amount of tokens, which will also 
gradually be released for free trading after 12 months for each package one receives. Our 
core team consists of members with an IT background, specialized financial know-how 
and knowledge about blockchain. 

The advisors team will receive 5% of X8X utility tokens. Advisors will receive a minimum 
of 0,1% of X8X utility tokens each and will be able to obtain up to 0,5% of the total X8X 
utility token amount depending on their individual career. All advisors will have their 
tokens locked for 6 months. A substantial part of our advisory board has a strong focus in 
traditional financial business and has been cooperating with us on a long-term basis. We 
will expand it further into other areas in order to bring additional skills from marketing, 
blockchain, legal, community management, crypto exchange management and others to 
our project. 

 

X8 CAPITAL AG, ZUG 

X8 Capital AG will receive 6% of the tokens. The tokens of X8 Capital AG will be locked 
for 24 months. After that tokens will be gradually released on a monthly basis. X8 Capital 
AG will be able to use the tokens as a reserve for covering operational costs and will help 
sustain long-term service after the initial 3-year runway period. 

 

INSTITUTIONAL RESERVE / CRYPTO AIRDROP 

27% of the tokens will be reserved for future institutional buyers. It is in the interest of 
the X8currency to have a broad diversification of its support base. One of them is the 
institutional base. Institutions will be able to buy larger quantities of X8X utility tokens 
from the project. The offered price minimum will be 0,1EUR. If the price on crypto 
exchanges will be higher than 0,1EUR per X8X utility token, we will offer tokens to 
institutions at the market price.  

Each year the project has to fulfil a quota of tokens, sold to institutions: 
 Year 1: 7.000.000 X8X utility tokens 
 Year 2: 10.000.000 X8X utility tokens 
 Year 3: 10.000.000 X8X utility tokens 

 

Any unfulfilled part of the yearly quota gets airdropped on the crypto market.  

 50% of the quota will be dropped on ETH and BTC wallets with active balances. 
 50% of the quota will be dropped on existing X8C and X8X holders’ wallets. 



 

31 
 

X8C CURRENCY TOKEN 

All tokens are minted on the spot with each payment to the X8 Capital AG bank account 
(for direct FIAT purchases), or to an X8C smart contract (for direct ETH purchases). The 
user will receive X8C currency tokens immediately after he or she completes the 
transaction. User can sell X8C currency tokens back to the issuer. In this case the issuer 
exchanges the reserves back for the X8C currency tokens. X8C currency tokens, which 
have served their purpose, are then burned. The price of X8C will be calculated by the 
system using the input data of the level of reserves and the amount of tokens issued. 
There will be no other limitation regarding X8C currency token distribution, except for 
the previously mentioned X8X utility token requirement (X8X = √X8C, or X8X2 = X8C).  

 

c. FUNDS DISTRIBUTION 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

d. FUNDS ALLOCATION DESCRIPTION 

The pie chart shows fund distribution at a maximum cap level of 3,4 million EUR. Cost 
allocation predicts a 3-year runway for all of the elements. The largest portion is allocated 
for the costs of the Swiss architecture and IT hardware and production overhead, 
followed by research and development, marketing and legal. 



 

32 
 

SWISS SETUP 

Swiss architecture is a major part in our budget and it is where X8currency can work 
most well from. Benefits of Swiss architecture are global reach and ultimate safety. Funds 
will be used to finance setup and architecture running costs. This also includes all costs to 
maintain licensed status and required work with the regulator. We project that the 
allocated budget for this element (1.200.000 EUR) will support the 3-year runway and 
activity plan of the company X8 Capital AG. All expenses of the company will be paid 
from this budget, which means that X8 Capital AG costs will not burden the X8currency 
reserves. 

 

IT EXPENSES 

Expenses for IT hardware represent another major individual category. IT hardware is 
part of production assets of X8 and overheads for keeping systems running 24/7. This 
includes costs to run redundant hardware in certified locations, plus all services required 
to sustain production level from a mechanical perspective. Security is included. There is 
no mining in the X8 system. Hardware performs its own task and will perform it just as 
effectively after starting use. Hardware capacity can last up to 10 years in operations and 
in redundant setups for even longer. 

 

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT 

Next, a sufficient amount of R&D funding will help X8 implementation and its 
technological lead in the area of portfolio risk management. This includes 
implementation of strong blockchain support and operational fusion of traditional and 
blockchain technology for this area of finance. Proper smart contract management, 
development and maintenance, strategic capability to tokenize financial investment 
services, multi-broker X8 setup development and maintenance, payment technology 
integration, X8 services plus the additional blockchain part of 3-way ARM AI are the 
main elements of the R&D category. 

 

MARKETING 

Marketing is the fourth largest element in the funds distribution. Because of the 
significance the crypto airdrop has in the token distribution, the marketing share can use 
it to leverage its effectiveness. The crypto airdrop therefore becomes a part of the 
marketing budget, which marketing can use to lower the costs of getting the message 
across to a very broad, yet still highly focused, target audience. This element will also 
enable broader engagement with the community, which is critical for this type of product. 
Marketing will be focused on the broadest possible adoption, in which institutions will 
also be able to participate. 

 



 

33 
 

LEGAL 

Legal will receive 300.000EUR from the raised budget. This budget will enable our legal 
team to fund its daily activities. The plan will include cost of IP protection, like the 
trademark registration costs for nations within G10 and other major markets. The plan 
for this part of the budget includes all legal expenses required to put X8 infrastructure 
into place, with the exception of legal costs linked to establishing the Swiss setup, which 
has its own dedicated budget. Runway for this part of the budged is 2 years. 

 

OVERHEADS 

Overheads conclude the projects funds distribution with a fixed 100.000 EUR planned 
for the general costs of operating a business. Accounting costs, office material costs, 
telecom services, utility costs and security will be funded from this source. 

 
 

12. DISCLAIMERS 

Please keep in mind that this document is provided for your information only and that 
under no circumstance should it be considered an effort by X8 AG to either promote or 
sell stocks or securities on its platform or on any other related or associated company’s 
platform. Please note, this is to be treated as a draft, and is subject to change once the 
TGE will begin. 

X8 Utility Tokens are not securities 

Buyers comprehend and fully accept the fact that X8 Utility Tokens are not securities 
under any circumstance, neither are they registered with any government entity as a 
security. Buyers comprehend and fully accept the fact that ownership of X8 Utility Tokens 
does not grant them the right to expect or to receive proceeds, revenue, or other 
payments or returns arising from the attainment, holding, administration or disposal of, 
the exercise of, the redemption of, or the expiry of, any right, interest, title or benefit 
within the X8Curency platform or properties. 

X8 Utility Tokens are not to be considered an investment 

Although the X8Currency team will do its best to proceed with the project described 
within this whitepaper and complete it at the best of its ability, unforeseen circumstances 
might not allow the completion of the project in whole or partially. X8 Utility Tokens can 
never be considered an official or legally binding investment of any kind and purchasing 
the token is done at own risk. 

No form of warrantee of proceed or revenue provided 

The purchase of X8 Utility tokens is done at the buyer’s own risk and under no 
circumstance should the buyer hold X8 AG and accountable for any kind of losses as 
there are no warranties that the X8 Utility token will in fact increase in value or hold its 
value. Unforeseen circumstances such as war, strike, riot, crime, or any kind of natural 
disaster or even any other unforeseen events over and above the control of the X8 Utility 
token’s developers could, at all times, badly affect, even irreversibly so, the token’s price. 



 

34 
 

Risks associated with regulation 

TGE/ICOs and blockchain-based cryptocurrencies are mostly unregulated at present. 
Efforts are being made by various regulatory bodies around the world including central 
banks and governments to supervise, regulate or even restrict the cryptocurrency market. 
Such actions will greatly affect the functionality and value of the X8 Utility Token as well 
as that of other cryptocurrencies. 

Risks associated with new technology 

X8 tokens and cryptocurrency tokens in general are a relatively new and untested 
technology. Due to this nature, technology-related unforeseen events may occur at any 
time. Buyers comprehend and fully accept all types of related risks involved. 

Ethereum related risks 

X8 Utility Tokens will be issued on the Ethereum platform thus being dependant on it. 
The functionality of the X8 Utility Tokens will be severely affected should the Ethereum 
protocol malfunction or fail. 

Risks associated with quantum computers 

Despite the efforts made by the blockchain community to safeguard the security of 
cryptocurrency technology, the potential development and deployment of quantum 
computers or any other kind of advanced types of computers in the future may put this 
security at risk. In such a case, the X8 Utility Tokens may be affected as well.  

No fund insurance provided. 

Any and all types of funds collected during PRE-SALE and TGE are in no way insured. 
Funds may lose their value in whole or completely without warning. There is no legal 
entity or insurance company, private or public, to turn to should something goes wrong 
with the funds provided.  

Fund refunds 

In case our pre-sale campaign and distribution of X8 Utility Tokens is cancelled, the 
funds collected by X8 AG will be returned back to the wallets of their respective 
providers.  

Pre-sale 

X8 AG bears no responsibility to cover any claims made by its pre-sale 
promoting/marketing associates.  

Integration 

This whitepaper does not constitute an official agreement of any kind and the information 
provided herein is for informational purposes only. Project parameters, dates, 
specifications provided as well as other details technical or not are subject to change 
without prior notice. 

 

 

 


