











































Blockchaining India's Big Data


Version: 1.5 
Dated: 17-FEB-2018   
 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  
All Rights Reserved. 

 

    

Blockchaining 

India’s Big Data 

Zebi is founded, mentored and managed by Stanford, MIT, Oxford and 

IIT veterans and thought leaders from Silicon Valley with experience in 

Google, Uber, Amazon, Microsoft, and Oracle 

• Multi-year contract signed with an 

Indian state (50M population) 

government  

• Proposals submitted to two additional 

state (160M population) governments 

• Zebi Chain™ live in production  

• Low hard cap of $10M 

WHITEPAPER FOR SALE OF ZEBI COIN 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 2  

  

Table of Contents 
  

Executive Summary ...................................................................................................... 3 

Important Notice............................................................................................................ 4 

The India Opportunity ................................................................................................... 7 

Background ................................................................................................................... 8 

What is happening with Big Data? .......................................................................... 8 

What is being done about it? And is it working? .................................................... 11 

Zebi Blockchain Solution for Big Data ...................................................................... 13 

Introduction ........................................................................................................... 13 

Bird’s-eye view of the solution ............................................................................... 13 

Zebi Chain™ ......................................................................................................... 14 

Zebi Data Gateway: .............................................................................................. 15 

How Zebi Data Ecosystem will transform Industries ............................................. 15 

Status of Product and Market Development ......................................................... 19 

Road Ahead .......................................................................................................... 20 

Zebi Coin (ZCO) Sale .................................................................................................. 21 

Zebi Coin:.............................................................................................................. 21 

Tokensale Model: .................................................................................................. 21 

Bonuses: ............................................................................................................... 22 

Additional Notes: ................................................................................................... 23 

Team ............................................................................................................................. 24 

Advisors ....................................................................................................................... 25 

Additional Terms and Conditions .............................................................................. 27 

Country Specific Disclaimers and Restrictions ....................................................... 30 

Risks and Uncertainties ............................................................................................. 31 

References ................................................................................................................... 35 
 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 3  

Executive Summary 
 

India’s big data generation is increasing exponentially and is expected to reach 3 Zebibytes per 

year (1 Zebibyte = 10247 bytes, about trillion Gigabytes) by 20201, driven by continued growth of 

internet usage, social networks, proliferation of smart phones, as well as the digital initiatives and 

structural reforms undertaken by the Indian government. At the same time, incidents of data crimes 

such as data hacks, data leaks, data tampering, identity thefts are on the rise, which are costing 

Indian organizations and consumers more than $30 billion2 annually.  

High value data like land registry, educational documents, employment, transaction and health 

records etc. are required by individuals and organizations as part of their routine activities. 

However, current mechanism of data exchange is mostly manual, paper based, slow and fraught 

with risks of tampering, forgery and thefts.  

Governments worldwide are realizing the need to add stringent data regulations to safeguard 

people’s interest with steep penalties for non-compliance. Examples are India Supreme Court 

Ruling on Privacy3, European Union GDPR4, Singapore’s Personal Data Protection Act and India 

Privacy Bill5. However, enforcement of data protection regulations is still manual and are prone to 

manipulation.  

Recognizing the need and opportunity to enable with technology the enforcement of data 

protection regulations, Zebi has created a Blockchain driven, unique and holistic solution to make 

high value and sensitive data readily available for legitimate use. Zebi safeguards data against 

hacking and tampering, while obtaining consent from individuals. The solution comprises of Zebi 

Chain™ to provide immutability to critical records, coupled with a central hub called Zebi Data 

Gateway which enables secure and instant data exchange through Data-as-a-Service (DaaS) 

APIs. Zebi’s innovative, proprietary solution set is one of the first in industry and is patent pending. 

Zebi has developed the Zebi Blockchain Solution and is carrying out its operations through its 

affiliate Zebi Data India Pvt. Ltd. in India. 

Integrated with Ethereum blockchain, Zebi Chain™ gives complete flexibility to customers with 

respect to private/public blockchain utilization. Smart contracts enabled on Zebi Data Gateway 

ensure that data exchange occurs only with consent and that all stake holder receive their 

deserved share of the data monetization. Accounting for the risks specified in this Whitepaper in 

the section titled “Risks and Uncertainties”, This has the potential to transform broad range of 

industries: protection and verification of land registry, education, employment, transaction and 

health records, credit scoring, personalized marketing and fraud detection. 

Zebi Chain™ has been well received by the market. Zebi, through its affiliate Zebi Data India Pvt. 

Ltd., recently signed a multi-year contract to implement Zebi Chain™ for one of India’s largest state 

governments (with 50m population) to safeguard their land assets6.  

Additionally, Zebi has a healthy pipeline of prospects across India and is prospecting through its 

affiliates for projects across Singapore, USA and other countries. Zebi Chain™ installations will be 

connected to Zebi Data Gateway, which will serve as the pipeline for authorized use of data for 

commercial purposes. If we are able to rapidly scale and add more Zebi Chain™ customers, the 

value proposition for the users of Zebi Data Gateway may grow exponentially. The combined value 

of market available in India for both the products is pegged at $5 billion9 annually. 

Zebi is introducing Zebi Coin (ZCO), a utility token which will be used as mode of payment for all 

Zebi services, including transaction processing through the Gateway and data protection by Zebi 

Chain™.  



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 4  

Important Notice 
 

PLEASE ENSURE THAT YOU ARE READING THE LATEST VERSION OF THE WHITE 

PAPER AVAILABLE ON THE WEBSITE OF ZEBI BEFORE YOU MAKE A DEICISION TO 

PARITCIPATE IN THE ZEBI TOKEN SALE. THE LATEST VERSION OF THE WHITE PAPER 

AMENDS AND REPLACES ANY PRIOR VERSION OF THE WHITE PAPER THAT YOU MAY 

HAVE REVIEWED.  

 

The Zebi Coin (also referred to as the “ZCO Tokens”) when offered and sold are not intended 

to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This whitepaper (“Whitepaper”) does not constitute 

a prospectus or offer document and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a 

solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction, and will not be registered under the 

US Securities Act of 1933 (the “US Securities Act”), the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 

289) of Singapore (the “Singapore SFA”), or the securities laws of any state, or any other 

jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. However, out of abundance of caution, ZCO 

Tokens will be offered and sold in (A) the USA, pursuant to one or more exemptions from the 

registration requirements of the US Securities Act, namely under Rule 506(c) of Regulation D 

of the US Securities Act, as amended, and participation in the offering is limited to (i) U.S. 

“accredited investors” (as defined under a safe harbour” for the private offering exemption of 

Section 4(a)(2) of the US Securities Act as amended and (ii) non-U.S. persons (as defined in 

Rule 902) in an offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S of the US Securities Act; and 

(B) Singapore, pursuant to the exemption(s) provided under Section 302B(1), Section 304, 

and Section 305 of the Singapore SFA, as amended, and participation in the offering is limited 

to an “institutional investor” (as defined under Section 4A of the Singapore SFA), a “relevant 

person” (as defined under Section 305 of the Singapore SFA) or persons to whom an offer is 

being made (as referred to in Section 305(2) of the Singapore SFA). In all jurisdictions, the 

offer to sell and solicitation to buy of ZCO Tokens is directed solely to qualified institutional 

investors, qualified professional investors, and such other sophisticated persons to whom 

offers and solicitation may be made without any licensing, registration, qualification, or 

approval under the applicable laws of the relevant jurisdiction (the “Accredited Person”). This 

Whitepaper does not constitute an offer, distribution, solicitation, or marketing to any non-

Accredited Person and is not an offering to the retail public in any jurisdiction where such 

offering is unlawful. 

 

This Whitepaper is for informational purposes only. The contents of this Whitepaper do not 

constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to sell, or any solicitation of any offer to 

purchase any ZCO Tokens nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the 

basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision. Prospective 

purchasers of the ZCO should carefully consider all risks and uncertainties and regulations 

associated with ZCO, Zebi Blockchain solution and this offering, as set out in this Whitepaper 

and, more particularly, in the Sections titled “Risks and Uncertainties” and other Sections 

toward the end of the Whitepaper.   

 

THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ZEBI AND YOU AS A PURCHASER OF ZCO TOKENS IS 

TO BE GOVERNED ONLY BY A SEPARATE ZEBI UTILITY TOKEN SALE AGREEMENT 

(“PURCHASE AGREEMENT”). IN THE EVENT OF ANY INCONSISTENCIES BETWEEN 

THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT AND THIS WHITEPAPER, THE FORMER SHALL 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 5  

PREVAIL. THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT IS A PART OF AND INCORPORATED WITHIN, 

AND IS TO BE READ ALONG WITH THIS WHITEPAPER. 

 

No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this 

Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements 

or rules of any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not 

be taken or transmitted to any country where distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper 

is prohibited or restricted. 

 

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any 

place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by Zebi or its directors, 

executive officers or employees acting on behalf of Zebi, that are not statements of historical 

fact, constitute “forward- looking statements”. Some of these statements can be identified by 

forward-looking terms such as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”, 

“expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”, “project”, “should”, “would”, “will” 

or other similar terms. However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying 

forward-looking statements. All statements regarding Zebi’s financial position, business 

strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects of the industry which Zebi is in are 

forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to 

statements as to Zebi’s revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected 

industry trends and other matters discussed in this Whitepaper regarding Zebi are matters that 

are not historic facts, but only predictions. 

 

These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 

factors that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Zebi to be 

materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed 

or implied by such forward-looking statements.  

 

All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to Zebi or persons acting on behalf of 

Zebi are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and uncertainties 

that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Zebi to be materially 

different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this 

Whitepaper, undue reliance must not be placed on these statements.  

 

These forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper. Zebi 

disclaims any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking statements or publicly 

announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, 

events or circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in 

the future. 

 

Market and Industry Information and No Consent of Other Persons  

This Whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been 

obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, as well as market 

research, publicly available information and industry publications. Such surveys, reports, 

studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 6  

the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but 

there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such included information. 

 

Save for Zebi and its directors, executive officers and employees, no person has provided his 

or her consent to the inclusion of his or her name and/or other information attributed or 

perceived to be attributed to such person in connection therewith in this Whitepaper and no 

representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be provided as to the accuracy or 

completeness of such information by such person and such persons shall not be obliged to 

provide any updates on the same. 

 

While Zebi has taken reasonable actions to ensure that the information is extracted accurately 

and in its proper context, Zebi has not conducted any independent review of the information 

extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy or completeness of such information 

or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. Consequently, 

neither Zebi nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting on its behalf makes any 

representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and shall 

not be obliged to provide any updates on the same. 

  

Terms Used  

To facilitate a better understanding of the ZCO Tokens being offered for purchase by Zebi, 

and the businesses and operations of Zebi, certain technical terms and abbreviations, as well 

as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have been used in this Whitepaper. These 

descriptions and assigned meanings should not be treated as being definitive of their 

meanings and may not correspond to standard industry meanings or usage. 

 

Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and 

words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter 

genders and vice versa. References to persons shall include corporations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 7  

The India Opportunity 
 

India is the world’s seventh-largest economy and is projected to grow faster than that of any 

large economy in the world over the next decade. It is at the cusp of explosive growth in 

technologies such as mobile internet, digital payments, cloud computing and IoT, driven by 

large number of internet users. As per Ericsson mobility report India’s mobile data traffic is 

expected to increase by 11 times by 2023. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Big Data Boom!! 

The Indian economy is witnessing a sea of 

transformational changes in technology 

and its adoption. The Government is 

investing heavily in visionary projects to 

digitize data and make technology a critical 

part of the Indian economy. In addition, 

data generated at an individual level is at 

an inflection point.  India with its burgeoning 

population of more than a billion, Internet 

users in excess of 400 million and 

Smartphone user base of around 300 

million is generating massive data8. 

4G Data wave created with the entrance of 

low cost telecom carriers enabled the low income Indian population to join the digital 

bandwagon, allowing a larger chunk of data to be captured, giving a better understanding of 

customers to businesses and government programs.  

Another major driving force is the government’s push towards digitization with initiatives like 

Digital India that aims to transform the country into a digitally empowered society and the 

National Optical Fiber Network (NOFN) initiative that aims to connect villages with optical fiber 

and provide high speed internet connectivity. With the entire country planned to be digitally 

connected, the essential foundations are being laid for phenomenal data generation and 

consumption over the next decade. 

With a median age of 27 years, India is already among the top five, when it comes to active 

social media and mobile consumers in the world. Big data generated by these fundamental 

drivers ensure that blockchain powered data protection would establish a booming market, 

estimated around $5 billion9 annually, providing abundant opportunities to all the stakeholders 

operating in the ecosystem.  

1.34 billion 
Population 

800 million  
Digital Natives 

1 billion citizens with digital 
identity (Aadhaar) 

462 million Internet users 
(second largest in the world after 

China) 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 8  

Background 
 
What is happening with Big Data? 

 
According to conservative estimates, India’s big data generation is increasing exponentially 

and is expected to reach 3 Zebibytes per year by 20201.  

 
Most of this data is collected 

and stored by institutions that 

hold clients’ assets centrally 

such as banks, telecoms, 

insurance companies, 

hospitals, governments, and 

more.  

 

However, in recent years, 

public media has repeatedly 

covered controversial 

incidents related to privacy 

and security, questioning the 

current model, in which centralized organizations collect and control massive amounts of 

personal data. This model exposes sensitive data to several risks such as: 

 

Data Leaks: 

 
Data leaks happen when private data is exposed to public inadvertently: 

• Reliance Jio (2017) – 120 million customer data leaked10 

• Aadhaar (2017) - 210 Government websites made confidential information public11 

 

Data Tampering: 
 

Data of high value assets like land 

records are prone to tampering. As 

land prices continue to rise, 

scamsters obtain fraudulent 

documents usually either through 

"touts" that operate near government 

offices or by directly bribing the clerks 

that prepare these documents. As the 

records are not immutable, such 

changes cannot be traced with 

conclusive evidence or certainty.  

 

Another problem with high value 

information is that majority of Identity 

and Address proof documents do not have any security marks. With fraudsters using high-

precision printers and computers to prepare fake replicas, determining the documents' 

authenticity by naked eye or physical verification is virtually impossible. 

 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 9  

At the same time, the Indian judicial system has some serious inefficiencies burdened by a 

thirty million case backlog, 70% of which pertain to disputes regarding land or property12. 

 

Common methods to commit fraud arise from: 

• Fake Documents 

• Double Mortgages 

• GPA (General Power of Attorney) 

• Selling Government or Encroached Lands 

• Dubious Agreements 

Data Hacks:  

 

Another risk of having data stored at one central location is data hacking by malicious hackers 

from outside the organization. Some prominent examples in the recent past: 

• Zomato data breach is the sixth biggest in 201713 

• Equifax (2017) – $4 Billion loss in market cap14  

• Yahoo (2017) - $350 million slashed from valuation in deal with Verizon 

 

Identities are getting richer, so are data thieves! 

 
At a fundamental level, our identities 

still include our name, address, 

credit history, work history and a 

collection of numbers on our driver’s 

license, Aadhaar card (Govt. Issued 

ID), PAN card (Income Tax ID), 

Passport and Employee or Student 

ID etc. These elements are core to 

our ability to prove who we are. 

 However, our identities are getting 
richer and complex with significant 
technological innovations such as 
mobile phones, cloud connected 
applications and proliferation of 
devices being connected that touch 
our everyday lives in novel and 
innovative ways. The above 

infographic shows how data thieves misuse identities. 
 
Identity thefts cost2 consumers more than $16 billion  

Identity theft is crime of the new millennium. Identity theft is the stealing and use of someone’s 
personal information primarily for monetary gain. 
  
Contrary to popular belief, the primary cause of identity theft is not that more people are online, 
since these crimes are not limited to online transactions or online banking. Rather it is caused 
by individuals being careless of sensitive information that they share online or offline, such as 
personal details, bank or credit card statements, telephone bills, and not guarding sensitive, 
private information with the care that it deserves. 
 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 10  

It is estimated that 19 people fall victim to identity theft, every minute. Identity theft is the 

largest fraud contributor in India15 

  
Let’s check out few instances: 

1. Mr. X approached a service provider and was asked to submit his photo ID, address proof 

and PAN card as KYC (Know Your Customer) documents. Mr. X gave his driver’s licence 

and PAN card in original. This is something all of us do in normal course. The company 

representative took out multiple photocopies of each of the documents, but submitted only 

one set to the company, retaining the rest. The representative started using the remaining 

photocopies for personal use, such as buying a SIM card, etc. Mr. X soon found himself in 

a big mess as the SIM card was used for illegal activities and the police held him 

accountable. 

 

2. Ms. Y gave a copy of her phone bill and PAN card as KYC documents to a travel agent for 

processing visa application. After a few months, she applied for a loan. And her loan 

application was rejected on the plea that she was a credit card defaulter. She later learnt 

that the documents were used to obtain credit cards. Several transactions were made, but 

the amount was never repaid. So, her name appeared on the defaulter’s list in the banking 

records. 

As we can see in both the above cases people entered into simple transactions with known 

service providers and submitted KYC documents like we normally do. However, their personal 

information in plain text was misused, and they ended up in a sticky situation.  

Identity theft can have grave, sometimes devastating repercussions on its victims, ranging 

from financial loss and damaged credit ratings to the loss of reputation. 

Qualification Frauds: 

 

In an increasingly competitive job market, more candidates tend to embellish or fabricate 

qualifications or experiences on their resume in the hope of securing a highly contested 

position. 

Nearly 10% Indians Lie on Their Resumes to Get Jobs, 50% of them Submit Fake 

Documents16 

According to a study by Society for Human Resource Management, the cost of a bad hire to 

an organisation could be up to five times the bad hire's annual salary. There can also be dire 

consequences such as reputational damage and financial concerns. Besides wrong hires 

could be a potential risk to the company as they get access to confidential data that they can 

misuse.  

Data Misuse: 
 

Another looming threat to centrally stored data of consumers is misuse of their sensitive 

information by organizations who have access to it.  

 

• Airtel Payments Bank License Suspended; Airtel Barred from Conducting 

Aadhaar-Based E-KYC17 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 11  

What is being done about it? And is it working? 
 
What are Businesses Doing? 
 

With data breaches on the rise, enterprises must constantly develop new strategies and 

security architecture to safeguard their data assets. Failure to stay in front of data threats will 

inevitably result in further breaches, financial losses, and tarnished reputations. 

Unfortunately, there is no comprehensive enterprise solution to protect customers data from 

a breach. Organizations typically use traditional solutions such as latest anti-virus software, 

improved peripherals, network and application level security etc. However, most of these 

solutions fall short and are unable to provide guaranteed protection against a data breach and 

subsequent distribution of high value data. 

 

What are Governments Doing? 
 

Consumers are often forced to share increasing amount of personal data to complete a 

transaction, and once the data is shared they have little or no control over use of their sensitive 

information.  

 

Banning large-scale data collection is unlikely to be a realistic option to solve the privacy 

problem. Whether we like it or not, the age of big data has already arrived. We should find the 

best way of protecting our privacy while allowing legitimate usage of big data, which can make 

our lives much safer, efficient and more productive. 

The present regulatory environment on 

protection of data is far from ideal. In fact, 

some countries do not have rules at all. In 

other cases, the various pieces of 

legislation introduced are incompatible 

with each other. Increased reliance on 

cloud-computing solutions also raise 

questions about what jurisdictions apply in 

specific cases. Such lack of clarity creates 

uncertainty for consumers and 

businesses, limits the scope for exchange 

of information and stifles growth. 

 

GDPR enforceable from May 2018, Non-compliance will cost €20 Million+  

 

In a first, the European Parliament adopted the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) 

in April 2016. It carries provisions that require businesses to protect the personal data and 

privacy of EU citizens for transactions that occur within EU member states. Non-compliance 

could cost companies steep penalties of up to €20 million or 4 percent of global annual 

turnover, whichever is higher. 

India has set-up expert committee to draft Data Protection Bill 

Government of India has set up a committee of experts to study various aspects of data 

protection and to suggest a data protection bill for India, including data sovereignty. 

 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 12  

Will this Help? 
 

Security Solutions or Data Protection Rules alone cannot solve the problem as they still are 

created and enforced by humans and are prone to be broken. 

Blockchain technology and distributed ledgers can provide the solution. Blockchain has 

already demonstrated trusted, auditable computing in the financial space using a 

decentralized network of peers accompanied by a public ledger.  

Blockchain offers a compelling solution to the problem of combining accessibility with privacy 

and security, records can be held securely using end-to-end encryption, and yet openly 

authenticated. Blockchain can enforce privacy and confidentiality rights expected by 

consumers and regulators while guarding highly sensitive/classified information 

What is Needed? 
 

The aggregation of customer data in a single place opens the door for data thieves to make 
off with all elements of a person’s data in one go.  This is bound to happen because 100% 
security is an impossibility.  It only requires one security lapse in a data aggregating company 
like Equifax for the data of hundreds of millions of individuals to be stolen in one go.  This is 
akin to collecting up all your valuables in one “safe” and using a weak lock to secure it.  The 
thief’s job is easy now.  He does not even need to search the whole house.  It gets even worse 
for data - the valuables are somebody else’s, and they don’t even know about it. 
 
Need of the hour is a holistic solution which uses Technology to enforce the rules without 
human intervention and provide: 
• Protection from malicious insiders tampering with data 
• Security from hackers trying to steal sensitive information 
• Mechanism to get consent of individual for every use of their data 
 
None of the systems in the world today can provide a holistic solution of protection of data 
against tampering by insiders and motivated hackers from outside, and provide a robust 
mechanism of getting consent for every single use of consumer’s data. Zebi team has 
identified this unmet need and designed a blockchain based solution to tap into this multi-
billion-dollar market. 

Zebi's Blockchain powered Big Data 
solution is unique, addressing all of the 
above challenges and helps to keep data  
hacker-proof and tamper-proof.  It utilizes 
a distributed ledger on the back-end and 
a web-app front end, which provides 
efficient and transparent access to data 
using DaaS APIs. It will reduce cost of 
information exchange, remove 
inefficiencies, enhance security and 
privacy, and greatly improve fraud 
detection capabilities for both companies 
and individuals. 

It will bring all the participants in data ecosystem on common platform, thus eliminating manual 

sharing of personal information, which is prone to misuse.   



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 13  

Zebi Blockchain Solution for Big Data 
 

Introduction 
 

Records have evolved over time, initially we had manual paper based records which were 

difficult to protect, synchronize and verify because of the manual efforts required, Computers 

brought automation, but digital records are so easy to copy/manipulate and hence still 

vulnerable to manipulation. Blockchain technology promises the perfect blend of high 

availability yet 100% tamperproof especially in case of high value data. 

 

As we have seen so far, the critical aspects when dealing with high value or sensitive data 
are Immutability, Trusted Verification, Consent, Security, and Privacy. Zebi Blockchain 
solution will address these aspects while enabling legitimate commercial data sharing activity. 
Providing complete ownership and control of their data to individuals is at the heart of Zebi 

solution. Every transaction related to people sensitive data would go through explicit and 

granular consent mechanism with the convenience of Mobile or Web App.  

 

Bird’s-eye view of the solution 
 
Zebi solution ecosystem consists of 
2 interconnected proprietary 
Components Zebi Chain™ and Zebi 
Data Gateway, to bring  
 

• Individuals (Who’s data is being 
protected),  

• Data providers (Who generate 
and store their data), and 

• Data Requestors (Who need to 
use/validate this data of 
individual as part of their 
business process)  

 
on a common platform and enable 
secure, seamless and consent 
based exchange of information 
among them. 
 
 

Zebi Chain™ is a proprietary light 

weight satellite application installed at various Data Providers’ premises to provide 

immutability using Blockchain based ledger. The number of nodes in the private Blockchain is 

configurable and integrates with Ethereum public Blockchain for 100% tamperproof protection. 

Zebi Data Gateway connects Zebi Chain™ installations and on-board individuals and data 

requestors with a simple registration process. It can facilitate instant data exchange through 

DaaS APIs by connecting to Zebi Chain™ instances and taking individual consent wherever 

appropriate. 

Zebi is starting out with the model of implementing Zebi Chain™ on-premise software at data 

providers, to connect multiple data sources to Zebi Data Gateway. Zebi Chain™ has already 

been selected as the solution of choice by one of India’s largest state governments to 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 14  

safeguard their land assets6. We see a healthy pipeline of prospects across India. As we scale 

rapidly and on-board more data providers, the value proposition of Zebi Data Gateway to data 

requestors increases exponentially. 

Let’s look at these components in more detail: 

Zebi Chain™ 
 

Zebi Chain™ is key component of Zebi Blockchain Solution and can be installed on the 

premises of Data providers such as Universities, Education Boards, Enterprises or 

Government Departments who generate, issue, update and facilitate data required by data 

requestors. 

It’s a very light weight application which can be installed and set-up quickly and has following 

key features: 

• Blockchain based immutability for access and updates on records of documents 

• A single node application or a private permissioned blockchain between a group of data 

owners 

• Facilitates seamless DaaS API based data exchange process  

• Eliminates need for manual effort required to attend data requests and manual checking 

of records 

• Enables data exchange without any human intervention, hence doesn’t leave any scope 

for manipulation or copying of sensitive information by unscrupulous insiders 

• Hash of private data is stored on public blockchain giving superior tamper proof and other 

benefits such as publishing of hash on 25,000 nodes across the globe and zero downtimes 

• All data creation and changes are accompanied with digital signatures of the individual 

performing such updates on Zebi Chain 

Records which will be protected: 

• Property Records 

• Educational Records 

• Employee Records 

• Healthcare Records 

• High Value Transactions 

• Utility Records 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 15  

 
Zebi Data Gateway:  
 

Zebi Data Gateway connects with Zebi Chain™ installations done at data providers premises. 

It allows individuals and data requestors to register with a simple registration process to bring 

all of them together on a common platform and facilitate secure and seamless data exchange 

through blockchain powered DaaS APIs. 

 
A registered requestor can submit a data request by filling in relevant details including details 

of individual and data provider involved, and Zebi Data Gateway shall validate and connect to 

respective individual to get his/her consent, upon receipt of individuals consent, Zebi Data 

Gateway shall route the information to respective data provider’s Zebi Chain™ application 

through DaaS APIs, and pass on responses received to Data Requestor instantly. Every part 

of this process shall be completely automated and hence enables true paperless exchange of 

information. Moreover, all communications and transactions shall be recorded on immutable 

blockchain based audit trails. 

 

The Zebi Data Gateway module is a blockchain system driven by Smart Contracts with no 

human intervention. Though raw data is not saved in Zebi Data Gateway system, following 

are stored on blockchain for each data access/exchange cycle: 

• Who requested for which subject’s information when 

• When was the subject’s consent requested and granted/denied for this data sharing 

• What data of the subject was accessed from which data provider. 

• Who received/paid what monetization from this data access 

 

Storage on blockchain ensures immutable record of all the above leading to accountability and 

transparency. 

 

The smart contract also enforces consent based sharing of data and computation of the money 

earned owed by each player across the cycle and transfers Zebi Coin tokens across respective 

accounts as part of the same cycle 

 

Smart contracts ensure that data exchange occurs only with consent and that all stake holder 

receive their deserved share of the data monetization. 

 

How Zebi Data Ecosystem will transform Industries 
 

Industries which will be transformed with scope for complete business automation: 
 

• Protection and Verification of Land Registry and other high value records 
• Consumer Lending 
• Credit Scoring 
• Direct Marketing 
• Corporate Recruitment 
 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 16  

 

 

Zebi Data Ecosystem will transform the way records are maintained by data providers and 

used by requestors (for verifying information), while keeping individuals in loop for every use 

of their data. It will open whole new set of possibilities which the current day systems are not 

able to provide, enhancing utility for its users. 

FOR DATA PROVIDERS:  

• It will help to keep their data secured from hackers and malicious insiders who can 

manipulate with it 

• Make it available for instant DaaS API based applications through Zebi Data 

Gateway, with assured share in revenues from the requestors for the same. 

• Enable consent mechanism before sharing individual’s data for a data exchange 

transaction 

• Reduce time and efforts to attend to a data request vis-à-vis the current paper based 

and manual process 

• Improve revenues from verification requests as due to instant data exchange the 

volume of transactions will increase exponentially as more and more businesses will 

be able to adopt it 

FOR DATA REQUESTORS: 

• It will cut down on time, efforts and costs of verifying data directly from source 

• Due to instant data exchange, it will become feasible for every record to be verified, 

which was not practical earlier due to lengthy process, and was often overlooked 

• Improve recruitment effectiveness and preventing exorbitant costs of a bad hire 

• DaaS API’s can be integrated with their applications to automate the verification 

process completely 

FOR INDIVIDUALS: 

• Improved protection from identity thefts, fake documents and monetary losses due to 

theft of their sensitive information 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 17  

• Unlike existing systems which do not have notification to individuals, in Zebi Data 

Ecosystem individuals will be notified first before their information is shared/used by 

anyone 

Let’s see a couple of examples of how some industries will get transformed by Zebi Data 

Eco-system: 

 

Home Loan Processing:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Credit Scoring: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

• Individual applies loan with bank and 

submits bundle of photocopies of 

property link documents for the same 

• Bank reviews all the documents 

manually and gets the property 

documents verified by having agents 

visit to registrar office several times 

• Registrar must search and print all the 

relevant information manually from 

the records 

• Verification process takes few weeks 

and so loan disbursement process 

takes more than a month 

• With limited resources the banks 

capacity to process loans is limited 

• Individual applies for loan with bank 

and must submit only blockchain asset 

certificate from registrar 

• Bank reviews all the details and logs it 

into ERP for processing 

• ERP automatically calls DaaS API to 

Zebi Data Gateway to verify the 

ownership of property 

• Verification happens instantly, with 

owner’s consent and the loan 

disbursement can happen within day 

or two 

• As entire process is accelerated by 

instant data exchange, more number 

of applications can be processed with 

the same resources. 

• Banks generate weekly or fortnightly 

dumps of consumers accounts to share 

with credit rating agency 

• Credit agency gets dumps from 

various banks and update their 

records periodically 

• On receipt of Credit Score request, 

they need to search and check the 

availability of up to date data 

• Credit rating agency must contact 

relevant bank to request updated 

information of account, which takes 

couple of days 

• On receipt of relevant data its 

consolidated to provide credit score of 

the individual 

• On receipt of credit score request 

credit rating agency can initiate DaaS 

API call through Zebi Data Gateway 

for up to date statements instantly 

• Apart from Banking transactions, other 

relevant information such as high value 

transactions, utility payments history 

etc. can also be used for more 

comprehensive credit score 

• More requests can be processed as 

instant data exchange through Zebi 

Data Gateway can be integrated into 

their application for faster processing 

• Everything happens with prior consent 

of the individual 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 18  

 

Qualification Check: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

• Candidate submits his qualification 

certificate soft copies to prospective 

employer 

• Employer initiates qualification check 

process through background check 

agency, by sharing soft copies of 

certificates 

• Agency personnel visits university or 

board to submit verification request 

manually which takes few days 

• Agency personnel collects verification 

report from university in due course 

and reverts to client with confirmation 

• Entire process is manual, email based 

and takes up to 2 weeks, with no 

notification to individual 

• Candidate submits his qualification 

certificate copies to prospective 

employer 

• Employer submits data request 

through Zebi Data Gateway 

• Zebi data gateway connects to 

individual for his/her consent 

• Zebi data gateway connects to Zebi 

Chain application of respective 

University and gets instant validation 

of the data, which is instantly shared 

with the Employer 

• As this entire process takes just few 

minutes and can also be integrated 

into company’s system, it’s possible to 

perform check on bulk of candidates 

during a recruitment drive 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 19  

Revenue Model 
 

Zebi Chain™ is being offered as an on-premise software in either License + Annual 

Maintenance Cost (AMC) mode or monthly subscription mode, depending on the comfort and 

choice of the Data Provider. Zebi Data Gateway shall charge transaction fees for every 

transaction made through it from the Data Requestors. The revenue from Data Requestors is 

shared with Data Providers and Individuals as an incentive to enable seamless transaction 

processing. Zebi will add more features to its products such as enabling blockchain secured 

seamless payments (FIAT as well as Crypto currencies) for all the transactions processed on 

its Blockchain solution. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Status of Product and Market Development 
 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  

• Solution with basic features 

ready 

• ISO 27001 Information 

Security certified 

• One patent filed in India 

• A multi-year subscription 

work order for Zebi Chain™ 

signed with Andhra Pradesh 

(10th largest state with 

population of over 50 million 

people) and billing initiated 

 

• Two patents in progress 

• Passed technical evaluation 

and awaiting results of 

financial evaluation from AP 

and Telangana governments 

• Submitted proposals to 

governments and enterprises 

across India, Singapore, the 

United States and other 

countries 

 

Completed So Far Pursuits in Progress 

Recurring Support 

Revenues and 

Transaction Fees 

License/ 

Subscription 

Revenues 

DaaS API 

Revenues 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 20  

Road Ahead 
 

Year Qtr. Details 

2
0

1
8

 

Q1 
Promote Zebi Chain for Land Registry and Property records to other 
government agencies 

  Promote Zebi Chain for Educational records 

    

Q2 Zebi Chain for Employment records 

  Integration with Ethereum 

    

Q3 256 bit encryption enabled on Zebi platform 

  APIs for authentication, verification and consent mgmt. 

    

Q4 Data cleansing and mgmt. with AI/ML/DL 

  
Simple (1X1) Smart Contracts and transaction processing through Zebi 
Chain platform 

    

2
0

1
9

 

Q1 DaaS APIs for Data Owners/Requestors/Providers 

    

Q2 Zebi Pay launched 

  Integrated with leading blockchain payment gateways 

    

Q3 Seamless end-to-end transaction processing 

  Crypto/FIAT currency capable 

    

Q4 Zebi Verify launched for Education/Employment verticals 

    

2
0

2
0

 

Q1 Zebi Insights launched 

    

Q2 Algorithms and APIs for Data/Insights sharing using Smart Contracts 

    

Q3 Compounded (nXn) Smart Contracts 

    

Q4 Promote Zebi Insights/Smart contracts to enterprises 
 

 

 

 

 
 

  



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 21  

Zebi Coin (ZCO) Sale 
 
Zebi Coin:  
 

Zebi Intends to introduce Zebi Coin (ZCO), which will be utility token to 

be used as incentive for settlement of transactions within the 

Ecosystem. The ZCO paid by Requestor for a data transaction will 

be distributed among Data Provider, Individual and Zebi as a reward 

for making the transaction happen. The proportion in which this 

sharing will happen will be governed by a smart contract which can 

be adjusted by consensus among the participants. ZCO will 

incentivize all participants to use, contribute and grow the Zebi Data 

Ecosystem. Thus ZCO will be the fourth member of the Ecosystem 

which will keep all the members bonded with each other in their collective 

growth journey. 

 

Tokensale Model: 
 

Maximum Cap: Overall US $10 Million 

Presale: $2 Million  

Crowdsale: $8 Million 

(Pegged at 1 ETH = $1,000) 

 

Token Name: Zebi Coin (ZCO)  

Standard: Ethereum ERC20 

 

Total Token Supply: 1 Billion ZCO’s of which: 

 

• 300,000,000 to be sold in the token sale 

• 500,000,000 to be retained by Zebi as 

company reserves for allocation to 

founders, team, advisors, data providers 

and other partners and released for 

purchase from time to time depending on 

demand. Maximum of 35% (175,000,000) 

will be allocated to founders, team, and advisors 

• 150,000,000 to be allocated distribution and participation in ecosystem (including for 

bounties) 

• 50,000,000 To cover the token sale costs 

 

Note:  

• Company reserves are locked up for a period of 18 calendar months commencing from 

March 2018 and may be released in phases only after the completion of the 

aforementioned 18 months’ period.  Further, no more than 12.5% of the total tokens issued 

by Zebi pursuant to the ZCO token sale may be transferred/ released by Zebi, from its 

holdings, in any calendar year. 

• Anything remaining from the aforementioned allocations shall be moved into company 

reserves. 

 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 22  

Sale of tokens shall be limited to ensure that token holders can be serviced appropriately and 

are able to derive maximum utility from the Zebi Blockchain Solutions. 

 

Purchase of Tokens: 
Token Price: 1 ZCO = 0.0000333 ETH 

Minimum Purchase: 3000 ZCOs or 0.1 ETH   
 

Key Dates: 
Pre-Sale Announcement Release Date: 05-Feb-2018  

Pre-Sale End Date: 12-Feb-2018 

Token Sale Release Date: 05-Mar-2018  

Token Sale End Date: 31-Mar-2018 

Resale/Exchange Trading of ZCO’s: April 2018 
 

Bonuses: 
 

Presale:  

30%  
 

Crowdsale: 

 

Early Bird Bonus:  

10% for First 48 hours 
 

Volume Bonus: 

 

ZCO's 
Bought 

Bonus  
% 

  Bonus 
ZCO's  

75,000 5% 3,750 

400,000 10% 40,000 

800,000 15% 120,000 

1,500,000 20% 300,000 

4,000,000 25% 1,000,000 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 23  

Note: For enquiring about purchases above 4,000,000 ZCOs, kindly write to us at 

info@zebi.co. 

 
Additional Notes: 
 

Future Product Development: 

1. Data Issuer Basic Issuers who will have just light weight App to respond to Zebi APIs 

2. Data Issuer Premium App which would have dedicated private blockchain implementation 

at Issuer’s end. 

3. Zebi App for Individuals which would facilitate registration, distribution of private keys and 

consent mechanism for data requests. 

Operations and Marketing: 

• Acquiring, engaging and servicing the prospective Individuals, Issuers & Requestors to 

enhance utility of the Zebi Data Ecosystem. 

• Expanding teams required for functioning of Operations, Sales and Engineering 

• Engaging technical and strategy advisors to ensure Zebi stays on right course 

• Incentivizing Ecosystem participants to encourage them to contribute towards adoption 

and growth of Zebi Data Eco-system 

Resale/Exchange/Buy-back of ZCO: 

 

Subject to risks highlighted in the Section titled “Risks and Uncertainties”, beginning April 

2018, holders of the ZCO shall be able to sell their ZCO to interested purchasers, if they are 

unable to or don’t intend to derive utility from the ZCO. ZCO holders may be able to exchange 

their ZCO for other cryptocurrencies or fiat currencies, depending upon applicable laws and 

market conditions. From time to time, Zebi may use some of its profits to buy back limited 

quantities of ZCO’s from holders, to enable them to exit their holdings if they are unable to 

derive utility from the ZCO. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

mailto:info@zebi.co


 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 24  

Team 
 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

RENUKA RATHODE 
Product Strategist 

4 yrs. of Product Development Experience 
IIITDM  

KALYAN MUPPANENI 
Board Member,                                  

Founder, MD & CEO of Pi Datacenters,   
Prev. Enterprise Architect at Intel 

Corporation 

SUDHEER KUPPAM 
Co-Founder and Board Member,    

Managing Partner, Epsilon Venture Partners               
18+ years in VC industry in Silicon Valley and Asia Pacific 

B. Tech, IIT Madras; MS, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 

BABU MUNAGALA 
Founder, CEO & Managing Director 

20+ Years of Silicon Valley Experience 
B. Tech, IIT Madras, ME, Indian Institute of Science (IISc);   

MS, Ohio State University 

 

PHANI AREGA 
Vice President, Engineering 

20+ yrs. of IT Experience 
B.Tech, IIT Madras 

 

GOPAL BANG 
Director, Business Operations 

13+ yrs. of Operations Experience 
MBA, ICWAI, EPBA 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/renuka-rathode/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sudheer-kuppam-531434/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kalyan-muppaneni-591378b7/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sbabs
https://www.linkedin.com/in/phani-arega-900b2ba
https://www.linkedin.com/in/gopalbang/


 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 25  

Advisors 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

VASU PARMESWARAN 
Stealth Mode AI/ML Start-up; Ex Uber, Ex 

Microsoft, Ex Nokia; Ph.D. Computer Science, 
M.S. Computer Science, M.S. Aerospace 

Engineering, University of Maryland College 
Park;       B. Tech. IIT Madras.  

PHIL MUI 
SVP Technology, Salesforce 

Ex Axciom, Ex Google; PhD, M.Eng 
MIT; M.Phil Oxford University;  

Management, Stanford University; 

NARENDRA GOGULA 
Managing Director IT Services Co. 

Ex Infosys; B.Tech, IIT Madras. 

SRIDHAR GADHI 
Founder & CEO at Quantela Inc. Ex 

IBM, Ex Tech Mahindra; Harvard 
Business School 

RAJU INDUKURI 
Serial Entrepreneur; Honorary Chairman, 

Andhra Pradesh Global Network; Co-Founder & 
Executive Chairman, Quantela Inc;              
M.S, University of Illinois Springfield 

PRAHALAD THOTA  
SVP & Head of Enterprise Analytics and Data 
Science, Wells Fargo; Ex- Charles Schwab, 

Ex- PayPal; M.S. Finance, Virginia Tech;    
MBA, IIM Bangalore; M.S., Aerospace 

Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology; 
B.Tech, IIT Madras 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/philmui/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/raju-indukuri-16838017/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/vasu-parameswaran-8349a5/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/narendra-gogula-15040516/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sridhar-gadhi-78085916/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/pthota/


 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 26  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

CHANDRA MALLIPEDI 
Principal Engineer, Predictive Analytics  

Ex-Amazon, M.S, B.S, Material Engineering, 
Auburn University; B.Tech,IIT Madras 

TG GANESHAN 
VP Finance, Equian Healthcare 

Technology company 
Ex- Hilton Worldwide, Ex- SeaWorld Parks 

& Entertainment; MBA,  University of 
Texas at Austin; M.S, Auburn University; 

B.Tech, IIT Madras 

ANIRUDH RASTOGI 
Managing Partner TRA; BA. LLB. (Hons)., 

National Law Institute University, LL.M. 
(Master of Laws), Harvard Law School 

RAO SURAPANENI 
Senior Director, ServiceNow; Ex-Microsoft, 
Tellme Networks, Veraz Networks, Lucent, 
AT&T Bell Labs; MBA - UC Berkeley-Haas 
School of Business, MS in CS - University 
of Kentucky, B.Tech in CS - NIT Warangal 

BHAVESH SHAH  
Consultant - Digital Marketing & Analytics, ex 

Kaiser Permanente, ex-Capital One, ex-Bombay 
Stock Exchange. BE, University of Mumbai;  

MBA, XLRI Jamshedpur 

BHASKER ALLAM 
Software Engineer, Stealth Security, Inc. 

Ex-RSA, Ex-Juniper; MS, Computer Engineering, 
Old Dominion University; B. Tech., ECE JNTU 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/tg-ganeshan-1a9130/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/chandra-mallipedi-33a3741/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/anirudhrastogi/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/raosurapaneni/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/bhaveshkshah/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/bhaskerallam/


 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 27  

Additional Terms and Conditions 
 

Disclaimer Of Liability  

To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, Zebi shall not 

be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, 

contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss 

of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this 

Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.  

 

No Representations and Warranties 

Zebi does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty 

or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, except as specifically set forth 

under this Whitepaper.  

 

Representations and Warranties by You 

This Whitepaper is solely for your information and may not be reproduced, disclosed or 

distributed to any other person, unless authorized by us. By accessing and/or accepting 

possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be), 

or acting on it, you represent and warrant to Zebi and agree to be bound by the disclaimers, 

limitations and restrictions described herein, and in addition to the following:  

(a)  you agree and acknowledge that the ZCO Tokens do not constitute securities in any form 

in the jurisdiction of which you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder;  

(b)  you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer 

document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for 

investment in securities which is registered with the appropriate regulatory authorities in the 

jurisdiction of which you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder.  

(c)  you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the 

information set out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws, 

regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or 

dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory 

requirements or rules of the jurisdiction of which you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) 

or green card holder  have been complied with.  

(d) the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, 

or acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, 

regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to possession 

are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions at your own expense 

and without liability to Zebi;  

 

(e) you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any ZCO Tokens, 

the ZCO Tokens are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as: 

(i) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;  

(ii) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity  

(iii) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;  



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 28  

(iv) units in a collective investment scheme; 

(v) derivatives of units in a business trust; or 

(vi) units in a business trust;  

(vii) any other security or class of securities.  

 

(f) you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, 

transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-

based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, 

blockchain technology and smart contract technology;  

 

(g) you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any ZCO 

Tokens, there are risks associated with Zebi and its business and operations, the ZCO 

Tokens, the Zebi Token Sale (each as referred to in the Whitepaper);   

 

(h) you agree and acknowledge that neither Zebi is liable for any indirect, special, incidental, 

consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not 

limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in 

connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you; 

and rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or 

pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss; 

 

(i) You are competent to contract i.e. in case of individuals, you are over eighteen (18) years 

of age, and in case of legal entities, you are duly authorized by such legal entity to act on its 

behalf. 

 

(j) You are a U.S. “accredited investor” (as defined under the US Securities Act, Rule 501 of 

regulation D). 

 

(k) all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non- 

misleading from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this Whitepaper 

or such part thereof (as the case may be). 

 

 

No Advice  

No information in this Whitepaper should be considered or construed to be business, legal, 

financial or tax advice regarding Zebi, the ZCO Tokens and the Zebi Token Sale (each as 

referred to in the Whitepaper). You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other 

professional adviser regarding Zebi and its businesses and operations, the ZCO Tokens, and 

the Zebi Token Sale (each as referred to in the Whitepaper). You should be aware that you 

may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of ZCO Tokens for an indefinite 

period of time. 

 

No Further Information or Update  

No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained 

in this Whitepaper in connection with Zebi and its business and operations, the ZCO Tokens, 

and the Zebi Token Sale (each as referred to in the Whitepaper) and, if given, such information 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 29  

or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of Zebi. 

The Zebi Token Sale (as referred to in the Whitepaper) shall not, under any circumstances, 

constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion or implication that there has 

been no change, or development reasonably likely to involve a material change in the affairs, 

conditions and prospects of Zebi or in any statement of fact or information contained in this 

Whitepaper since the date hereof. 

 

Restrictions on Distribution and Dissemination  

The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or 

restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where 

any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which 

are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may 

be) at your own expense and without liability to Zebi. 

 

Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been privately distributed or disseminated, 

provided access to or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not 

circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any 

information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to 

occur. 

 

Data Privacy and Security  

Zebi is committed to ensuring that your data is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access 

or disclosure, Zebi has put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures 

to safeguard and secure your data.  

All the data provided to us is stored in a secure computing environment protected by secure 

firewalls to prevent unauthorized access. The company controls access so that only people 

who need to access the purchaser data are granted access. All team members of Zebi are 

provided security training and are required to adhere to a comprehensive set of security 

policies, procedures, and standards related to their jobs. 

 

When you use secure areas of the Zebi website, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol is used 

with 128-bit encryption. This means that all the information sent between your computers and 

the Zebi secure computer environment is encrypted so that it cannot be read it in transit. 

Secure areas of the site have a time-out feature. If you leave a secure session inactive for 

some time, the site times- out to prevent unauthorized access. 

 

It is possible that Zebi may be required by law, court order, or other legal process to provide 

information about our customers to outside parties, including for compliance purposes for 

regimes, such as the General Data Protection Regulation and the (Indian) Information 

Technology Act, 2000. It is the company’s policy to ensure adherence to the due process of 

law in all such instances, and if required to provide information under these circumstances, 

the company will, whenever possible, attempt to inform users whose information has been 

requested, unless prohibited by law. 

 

Zebi may also retain copies of personal information to comply with legal obligations, pursuant 

to the company’s data retention policies, or for such reasonable period as is required to 

address potential disputes. 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 30  

 

Zebi has developed privacy policies and practices that strive to protect the privacy rights of its 

users. 

 

Country Specific Disclaimers and Restrictions 
 

The ZCO Tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. However, in the 

event a securities regulator were to take a contrary view that the ZCO Tokens constitute 

securities, this offering is also intended to qualify for exemption from registration in certain 

jurisdictions where this offer may be made:  

 

United States of America 

 

In the event this Whitepaper is being furnished to you in the United States of America 

(including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands), it is being furnished on a confidential basis 

and solely for your information and may not be reproduced, disclosed or distributed to any 

other person. You acknowledge and agree that the offer of ZCO Tokens in the United States 

is being made pursuant to Rule 506(c) of Regulation D of the US Securities Act, as amended  

and participation in the offering is limited to (i) U.S. “accredited investors” (as defined under 

the US Securities Act, Rule 501 of regulation D) considered “a safe harbour” for the private 

offering exemption of Section 4(a)(2) of the US Securities Act as amended and (ii) non-“U.S. 

persons” (as defined in Rule 902) in an offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S of the 

US Securities Act. Further, you agree to be bound by the disclaimers, limitations and 

restrictions described under regulation D of the US Securities Act. 

 

Singapore 

 

In the event this Whitepaper is being furnished to you in Singapore, it is being furnished on a 

confidential basis and solely for your information and may not be reproduced, disclosed or 

distributed to any other person. By accepting this document, you (i) represent and warrant that 

you are either an “institutional investor” (as defined under Section 4A of the Singapore SFA), 

a “relevant person” (as defined under Section 305 of the SFA), or persons to whom an offer is 

being made (as referred to in Section 305(2) of the SFA); and (ii) agree to be bound by the 

disclaimers, limitations and restrictions described herein. 

 

The purchaser acknowledges that the offer of interests herein is made in reliance on the 

exemption(s) provided under Section 302B(1), Section 304, and Section 305 of the Singapore 

Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) (“SFA”) and is not made in or accompanied by a 

prospectus that is registered by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and pursuant thereto the 

purchaser further acknowledges and unconditionally undertakes that the interests offered 

herein and accepted by the purchaser in accordance with the terms and condition herein shall 

not be subsequently sold to any person, unless the offer resulting in such subsequent sale is 

made in compliance with the SFA and/or in reliance on any applicable exemption(s) provided 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 31  

under the SFA. 
 

Risks and Uncertainties 
 

Project Risks 

Prospective purchasers of ZCO (as referred to in this Whitepaper) should carefully consider 

and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with Zebi, the Zebi Blockchain Solution, 

the ZebiCoin and the Zebi Token Sale (each as referred to in the Whitepaper), all information 

set out in this Whitepaper and the Purchase Agreement prior to any purchase of ZCO. If any 

of such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the inherent utility of the Zebi 

Blockchain Solution and the ZCO could be materially and adversely affected. 

 

Below are some illustrative risks associated with this Zebi Token Sale. This list is not meant 

to be exhaustive as the market and regulatory environment are quickly evolving. 

 

Zebi Blockchain Solution Utility Risks 

 

Security Risk 

If our security measures are breached, or unauthorized access to data of our clients or their 

employees is otherwise obtained, our solution may not be perceived as being secure, clients 

may reduce the use of or stop using our solution adversely affecting the utility of the Zebi 

Blockchain solution. 

 

Our solution involves the collection, storage and transmission of clients’ and their employees’ 

confidential and proprietary information, including personal or identifying information, as well 

as financial and payroll data. Unauthorized access or security breaches could result in the loss 

of information and utility, litigation, indemnity obligations and other liability. 

 

Blockchain-based DaaS Market 

If the Blockchain-based DaaS market develops more slowly than we expect or declines, our 

utility may slow or stall, and the Zebi Blockchain Solution could be adversely affected. 

 

The Blockchain-based DaaS market is not as mature as the market for on-premise enterprise 

software, and it is uncertain whether Blockchain-based DaaS will achieve and sustain high 

levels of demand and market acceptance. 

 

Blockchain-based solution volatility 

Real or perceived errors, failures, or disruptions in the Zebi products and solutions could 

adversely affect our customers’ satisfaction with our solutions and/or our industry reputation 

and The Zebi Blockchain solution utility could be harmed.  

The Zebi products and solutions are very complex and have contained and may contain 

undetected defects or errors. The Zebi products and solutions are often used in connection 

with large-scale computing environments with different operating systems, system 

management software, equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors or 

failures of products, or other aspects of the computing environment into which our products 

are deployed 

 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 32  

ZCO  

 

Absence of Rights  

ZCO does not grant any rights, explicit or implied, in Zebi. ZCO is not a tool for owning any 

assets of Zebi.  

 

Refund or Resale 

Zebi is not obliged to redeem ZCO, or to otherwise refund their holders, for whatever reason.  

ZCO’s value upon resale is not and will not be guaranteed, including their inherent value. 

Aside from that, a resale may be limited by laws and regulations that differ from the laws and 

regulations applicable to the ZCO holder. The resale market for ZCO may not be active.  

 

Blockchain and Software 

 

Processing of Smart Contracts  

In the Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchains, block production can occur at arbitrary times, so 

there is a risk of untimely performance of smart contracts. The holder should be aware of this 

and consider its probability. The Bitcoin or Ethereum blockchains may not process a 

transaction at the exact moment the buyer expects it, and the buyer might not receive ZCO 

on the same day that it completes the necessary action. 

 

Network Overload 

The Bitcoin and Ethereum networks are subject to congestion, when transactions can be lost 

or delayed. Individuals and groups can deliberately congest entire networks, trying to gain an 

advantage. 

 

Functionality 

The Zebi Blockchain Solution may become obsolete or lose relevance due to the fast pace of 

innovations. 

 

Security 

 

Lost Private Keys  

ZCO may be stored in a digital wallet or other storage requiring a digital key (or combination 

of keys). The loss of keys associated with a digital wallet or storage, will result in the loss of 

access to their balances. Additionally, a third party may get access to the private keys from 

the holder’s wallet or storage, and, consequently, access to the ZCO Tokens they contain. 

Zebi is not liable for the losses that this may entail. 

 

Zebi Infrastructure Security  

Hackers or other bad actors may try to intervene in a smart contract, or otherwise interfere 

with aspects of how Zebi functions. These may include malware attacks, denial-of-service 

attacks, and other digital disruptions. 

 

Connection of Open Cryptographic Keys 

In the event that the ZCO holder does not provide access to connect open cryptographic keys 

to their account, it may cause a third party to incorrectly recognize the holder’s ZCO balance 

in the Ethereum blockchain, while initial balances of a new Zebi blockchain are formed. 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 33  

 

Cryptocurrency Wallet Incompatibility 

A wallet or cryptocurrency storage system used by the holder must be technically compatible 

with ZCO. Failure to use a compatible technology may result in the ZCO holder not gaining 

access to their ZCO. 

 

Zebi Development  

 

Third-Party Dependency 

 

In the event that Zebi works with multiple third parties, Zebi exerts no control over the actions 

of the third parties themselves. The utility of the Zebi Blockchain solution may be severely 

hampered if there is a failure on the part of the third parties in performing the tasks agreed 

upon. There is no guarantee that these third parties will do their job properly. 

 

Development Team Dependency  

This project exists as the result of effort by the Zebi team, who are responsible for maintaining 

the competitiveness of the ecosystem overall. To lose members of the management team (or 

to fail to attract and retain additional staff) could have a significant adverse impact on Zebi and 

the Zebi Blockchain solution. The competition for staff with relevant experience is high due to 

the small number of qualified specialists. This shortage of personnel seriously affects the 

ability to attract additional qualified management, which may have a significant negative 

impact on the Zebi Blockchain solution. 

 

Interest in the Zebi Blockchain solution 

The success of the Zebi Blockchain solution depends on the continued interest and 

participation of third parties. Their interest cannot be guaranteed. 

 

Third-Party Projects 

The Zebi Blockchain solution can prompt creation of alternative projects promoted by non-

affiliated third parties. 

 

Zebi’s Activities 

 

Conflict of Interest 

Zebi’s units may be involved in transactions with affiliated entities. Conflicts of interest may 

arise within Zebi or between Zebi and affiliated parties. Transactions with related parties may 

fail to comply with the arm’s length principle. 

 

Emerging Markets 

Zebi (or its units) can operate in the emerging markets countries subject to high risks, including 

significant legal, economic and political risks. 

 

Government 

 

Immature Regulatory Framework 

Developments in regulations around the world may alter the nature of our utility or restrict the 

use of blockchain assets or the operation of a blockchain network upon which we rely in a 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 34  

manner that adversely affects the Zebi Blockchain solution’s utility 

 

As blockchain networks and blockchain assets have grown in popularity and in market size, 

federal, state and international agencies have begun to take an interest in, and in some cases, 

regulate their use and operation. In the case of virtual currencies, regulators have created new 

frameworks or have published guidance as to how existing regulatory frameworks apply to 

virtual currencies. 

 

Regulators globally, including, but not limited to, Canada, China, Australia, Brazil, India, 

Singapore, and South Korea, have issued some form of guidance regarding their position on 

initial coin offerings and token sales. Our utility and the use of ZCO could be adversely affected 

by depending on whether and how a given regulatory agency decides to exert authority over 

a blockchain network.  

 

Zebi may stop distributing coins, developing the Zebi Blockchain solution, or its activities in a 

specific jurisdiction in the event that such actions are found to be illegal, or legislative changes 

make them economically impractical. 

 

Licenses and Permissions 

Although, as of the date hereof, there are no statutory requirements for Zebi or ZCO holders 

to obtain any licenses or permissions for operations with digital assets, there is a risk that such 

requirements will be introduced in the future. Regulatory authorities may establish 

requirements for cryptocurrency traders, including requirements for compliance with various 

standards, getting licenses, identification, reporting, and the like. In this case, an exchange 

trading in ZCO could be suspended for an indefinite period.  

 

State Regulation 

Zebi operates in a new industry and may be subject to increased supervision and control. 

Withdrawal or amendment of regulatory authorizations with respect to all or part of the 

activities carried on by Zebi or with respect to the fitness and propriety of one or more 

individuals to perform their current roles (including any of the Directors) might oblige Zebi to 

cease conducting a particular type of activity, or modify the manner in which it is conducted. 

 

Zebi’s property and operations are regulated by various public authorities and are subject to 

annual inspections. An inspection may conclude that Zebi has violated laws, decrees, or 

regulations, and cannot refute these findings or rectify the violations in a timely manner. 

 

The failure by Zebi to obtain prior regulatory authorization in a jurisdiction where it has 

operated or the refusal of a regulator to grant that authorization in a jurisdiction where it may 

wish to operate could prevent Zebi from maintaining or expanding the Zebi Blockchain 

solution. Failure to comply with the applicable laws or orders resulting from the inspections 

can lead to significant penalties, ranging from fines to administrative or criminal prosecution 

of Zebi’s officials. 

 

Actions of Public Authorities 

Sometimes public authorities show a high degree of freedom. Under the influence of 

commercial or political considerations, they act selectively, arbitrarily, without prior notice, or 

in a manner contrary to the law. This creates risks for Zebi’s operations. Furthermore, such 



 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 35  

conditions allow competitors to gain various privileges and preferences from public authorities, 

equating to direct competitive advantages. 

 

Privacy Concerns 

Privacy concerns and laws or other domestic regulations may drive the adoption of the ZEBI 

Blockchain solution but at the same time may reduce its effectiveness. Our applications 

require the storage and transmission of the proprietary and confidential information of our 

clients and their clients, including personal or identifying information, as well as their financial 

and payroll data. 

 

A wide variety of domestic and foreign laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, 

retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, disposal and other processing of personal data. 

These data protection and privacy-related laws and regulations are evolving and may result 

in regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. In India, 

there exists no formal data protection laws and is currently governed by specific sections (43A, 

65, 69 and 72A) under The (Indian) Information Technology Act, 2000. The regulations 

surrounding data protection is bound to change with the impending Data Privacy Act to be 

implemented by the Indian government in the months to come. 

 

In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new 

and different self-regulatory standards. Because the interpretation and application of privacy 

and data protection laws are still uncertain, it is possible that these laws may be interpreted 

and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or 

the features of our solution. 

 

All of these legislative and regulatory initiatives may adversely affect the ability of our clients 

to process, handle, store, use and transmit demographic and personal information from their 

employees, which could reduce demand for our applications. 

 

IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD 

CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). 

 

References 
 

1. http://www.thehindubusinessline.com/info-tech/digital-data-generated-by-india-in-2012-

equals-mt-everest/article4435180.ece 

2. Estimated by Zebi research team 

3. http://www.livemint.com/Politics/7MJYb4WJXezaRdf8Sr1ubI/Privacy-is-a-fundamental-

right-says-Supreme-Court-in-histor.html 

4. http://www.datacenterknowledge.com/data-center-world/bracing-change-brought-forth-

gdpr 

5. http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/centre-constitutes-new-panel-under-former-sc-

judge-to-prepare-draft-data-protection-law/article19402660.ece 

6. https://www.deccanchronicle.com/nation/current-affairs/161217/3-innovative-apps-to-up-

amaravatis-expansion.html 

7. http://www.india.com/news/india/reserve-bank-of-india-considering-to-introduce-its-own-

cryptocurrency-similar-to-bitcoin-report-2478723/ 

http://www.thehindubusinessline.com/info-tech/digital-data-generated-by-india-in-2012-equals-mt-everest/article4435180.ece
http://www.thehindubusinessline.com/info-tech/digital-data-generated-by-india-in-2012-equals-mt-everest/article4435180.ece
http://www.livemint.com/Politics/7MJYb4WJXezaRdf8Sr1ubI/Privacy-is-a-fundamental-right-says-Supreme-Court-in-histor.html
http://www.livemint.com/Politics/7MJYb4WJXezaRdf8Sr1ubI/Privacy-is-a-fundamental-right-says-Supreme-Court-in-histor.html
http://www.datacenterknowledge.com/data-center-world/bracing-change-brought-forth-gdpr
http://www.datacenterknowledge.com/data-center-world/bracing-change-brought-forth-gdpr
http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/centre-constitutes-new-panel-under-former-sc-judge-to-prepare-draft-data-protection-law/article19402660.ece
http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/centre-constitutes-new-panel-under-former-sc-judge-to-prepare-draft-data-protection-law/article19402660.ece
https://www.deccanchronicle.com/nation/current-affairs/161217/3-innovative-apps-to-up-amaravatis-expansion.html
https://www.deccanchronicle.com/nation/current-affairs/161217/3-innovative-apps-to-up-amaravatis-expansion.html
http://www.india.com/news/india/reserve-bank-of-india-considering-to-introduce-its-own-cryptocurrency-similar-to-bitcoin-report-2478723/
http://www.india.com/news/india/reserve-bank-of-india-considering-to-introduce-its-own-cryptocurrency-similar-to-bitcoin-report-2478723/


 

© Zebi Data Pte. Ltd.  

Page | 36  

8. https://technology.siliconindiamagazine.com/viewpoint/in-my-opinion/big-data-analytics-

market-future-scope-in-india--nwid-9011.html 

9. Estimated by Zebi Research Team 

10. http://www.fonearena.com/blog/224741/jio-customer-database-of-over-120-million-users-

leaked-could-be-biggest-data-breach-in-india.html 

11. https://www.ndtv.com/business/aadhaar-data-breach-210-government-websites-

displayed-private-data-says-uidai-1777380 

12. http://www.orfonline.org/research/securing-property-rights-india-through-distributed-

ledger-technology/ 

13. https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/small-biz/security-tech/security/zomato-hacked-

security-breach-results-in-17-million-user-data-stolen/articleshow/58729251.cms 

14. http://time.com/money/4936732/equifaxs-massive-data-breach-has-cost-the-company-4-

billion-so-far/ 

15. http://www.livemint.com/Money/5FQtrxJC8jTi9EI5muZTRL/Identity-theft-biggest-

contributor-to-fraud-Report.html 

16. https://www.indiatimes.com/news/india/nearly-10-indians-lie-on-their-resumes-to-get-

jobs-50-submit-fake-documents-330402.html 

17. https://www.ndtv.com/business/airtels-aadhaar-sim-verification-faces-road-bump-as-

uidai-suspends-e-kyc-licence-1788623 

https://technology.siliconindiamagazine.com/viewpoint/in-my-opinion/big-data-analytics-market-future-scope-in-india--nwid-9011.html
https://technology.siliconindiamagazine.com/viewpoint/in-my-opinion/big-data-analytics-market-future-scope-in-india--nwid-9011.html
http://www.fonearena.com/blog/224741/jio-customer-database-of-over-120-million-users-leaked-could-be-biggest-data-breach-in-india.html
http://www.fonearena.com/blog/224741/jio-customer-database-of-over-120-million-users-leaked-could-be-biggest-data-breach-in-india.html
https://www.ndtv.com/business/aadhaar-data-breach-210-government-websites-displayed-private-data-says-uidai-1777380
https://www.ndtv.com/business/aadhaar-data-breach-210-government-websites-displayed-private-data-says-uidai-1777380
http://www.orfonline.org/research/securing-property-rights-india-through-distributed-ledger-technology/
http://www.orfonline.org/research/securing-property-rights-india-through-distributed-ledger-technology/
https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/small-biz/security-tech/security/zomato-hacked-security-breach-results-in-17-million-user-data-stolen/articleshow/58729251.cms
https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/small-biz/security-tech/security/zomato-hacked-security-breach-results-in-17-million-user-data-stolen/articleshow/58729251.cms
http://time.com/money/4936732/equifaxs-massive-data-breach-has-cost-the-company-4-billion-so-far/
http://time.com/money/4936732/equifaxs-massive-data-breach-has-cost-the-company-4-billion-so-far/
http://www.livemint.com/Money/5FQtrxJC8jTi9EI5muZTRL/Identity-theft-biggest-contributor-to-fraud-Report.html
http://www.livemint.com/Money/5FQtrxJC8jTi9EI5muZTRL/Identity-theft-biggest-contributor-to-fraud-Report.html
https://www.indiatimes.com/news/india/nearly-10-indians-lie-on-their-resumes-to-get-jobs-50-submit-fake-documents-330402.html
https://www.indiatimes.com/news/india/nearly-10-indians-lie-on-their-resumes-to-get-jobs-50-submit-fake-documents-330402.html
https://www.ndtv.com/business/airtels-aadhaar-sim-verification-faces-road-bump-as-uidai-suspends-e-kyc-licence-1788623
https://www.ndtv.com/business/airtels-aadhaar-sim-verification-faces-road-bump-as-uidai-suspends-e-kyc-licence-1788623

